Today, Meta Platforms and Mark Zuckerberg brought some amazing news for at least three companies, Nvidia, AMD, and Arista Networks. Let me explain a little bit more in today's episode. So, let's get started. I want to thank the Mly Fool for sponsoring this video and check out fool.com/hose for the 10 best stocks to buy now. With that link, you get a promotional offer for their subscription service. Now, let's continue with today's episode. All right, if we take a closer look at X today, Mark Zuckerberg announced Meta's major AI compute investment. Obviously, when we think of AI compute, you can kind of see why I talked about those three companies. And I'm going explain a little bit more throughout the episode. But first, let's try to understand what Mark Zuckerberg released. All right. So, if we take a closer look at the post, Mark Zuckerberg mentioned, "For our in super intelligence efforts, I'm focused on building the most elite and talent dense team in the industry." And we've definitely seen that with the recent kind of acquisitions and poaching of AI talent. They are also going to invest hundreds of billions of dollars into compute to build super intelligence. We have the capital from our business to do this. Semi analysis just reported that Meta is on track to be the first lab to bring a 1 gawatt plus supercluster online. They actually mentioned that they're actually building several multi-gawatt clusters. We're calling the first one Prometheus and it's coming online in 2026. We're also building Hyperion which will be able to scale up to 5 gawatt over several years. And we're building multiple more Titan clusters as well. Just one of these cover a significant part of the footprint of Manhattan. Meta Super Intelligence Labs will have industryleading levels of compute and by far the greatest compute per research. I'm looking forward to working with the top research to advance the frontier. So obviously right off the bat we can see how this is very bullish for companies like Nvidia, like AMT and Arista Networks. And I'm going to explain a little bit more how each of them are uniquely positioned for this overall investment. But we are seeing the following that right now AI investments are going to continue pretty pretty heavy. I mean in the past Jensen has mentioned the CEO of Nvidia that for every gigawatt of data sent of data sensors it equates to about $40 billion of uh AI accelerator revenue. So if you're talking about multi- gigawatts of data centers and some even bigger than 1 gawatt it means that you're expecting a lot and a lot of money to be spent on AI accelerators which obviously I believe the top dog will be Nvidia but there are obviously going to be some use cases for AMD. Now the second thing that I believe this showcases is if Meta is going to do this, what's going to stop OpenAI? What's going to stop Microsoft? What's going to stop Google and Amazon and all these players to do similar style of investments? So, it kind of just shows where we're at in this overall market. Now, I do believe one of the things that's really kind of driving this is something I've talked about in this channel uh a few weeks about a week ago when we saw that kind of the big beautiful bill. So one of the things about the big beautiful bill is that 100% bonus depreciation through 2029. Data centers operators and chips fab can fully deduct servers, GPUs, lithography tools, etc. in year 1. That accelerates return on investments on AI clusters and may pull forward hardware demand. This is good for suppliers like Nvidia, AMD, Micron, Broadcom and for hyperscalers capex budgets. The main thing is right if you are writing off a lot of the if you're doing 100% write off right off the bat on this and I think you even do things like electricity and some of the other things running these data centers. It means you're going to pay a lot less of a tax bill which in theory means you're going to have a lot more money for the next year to be able to invest more and more in capital expenditure. So, I do believe this could be accelerating and it's going to be something we're going to see maybe other data centers where they're going to write off a lot. It's going to help them off in forms of less tax payments which will then help off have a better free cash flow and kind of a next a better cash flow statement uh available for the next year. Uh so, this is something to definitely definitely keep a closer eye on. Now, I did mention that this is great for AMD. I think AMD is probably the smallest out of these and we also saw other players, right? Uh we have Micron that you can think of because these types of investments are great for if you're going to build these type of AI compute. It doesn't matter if you buy Nvidia, AMD, make your own A6 solution, you're going to need some form of advanced HBM and Micron is definitely a core player there. Uh so you also have a lot of companies that I didn't discuss or put in the title that you can see u bullish. So regardless, the semiconductor industry and those in the AI space can see a massive tailwind because like I mentioned, if Meta is doing it, what does why wouldn't all the other players do it? Now, uh, Meta Platforms and AMD, they do have a little bit of a partnership here. We saw in AMD's most recent AI event that in addition to Llama Inference, Meta's AI recommendation, inference and training models run on AMD's MI300X GPUs. So we do see that Meta is kind of a strong partner with AMD. So there could be some use cases where maybe this can see where AMD could see some of the money coming into from this massive massive investments. Next I want to talk about Arista Network. So this is ticker ne and meta is actually a big portion of this company's total revenue. In 2022 it was roughly 26% of total revenue of of Aristas came from Meta. um in 2023 was closer to like 21% and fast forward to the end of 2024 it was closer to 15%. Now the company has mentioned that for 2025 I believe here I I don't know where I have it but for 2025 they still expect uh Meta Platforms to be at least 10% of Arista's total network revenue. Uh so this is pretty impressive and it kind of just showcases that obviously if Meta is going to be making a nice amount of AI investments, you can see some bullish scenario for Arista Networks. Now I do want to say why I believe this is mainly bullish for Nvidia. So semi analysis on their free side, this is all from their free uh blog. They talk a lot about kind of the largest AI training clusters by the end of 2026. What I think is crazy is Meta is going to outperform OpenAI Stargate, which is wild. And both OpenAI Stargate and Meta are expected to be GP200's and GP300's uh with Meta Prometheus being around 500,000 uh GPUs there. So that is insane. I think it is wild. Um the third in line here is from based on their reports is anthropic with project rainer which is going to be the tranium 2 which roughly 800,000 chips. Um but it's pretty interesting right about that type of same type of power as open AI. Uh and this is why Jensen I think this is actually showcasing a lot. I I didn't even think about bringing this up in the original video while I was disc while I was record while I'm while I was kind of preparing. But look at this. Anthropic and OpenAI are both going to build nearly an 800 megawatt system. One is going to be powered by GB200's. One is going to be powered by Tranium 2. Now, even though they're around similar power levels, you have a lot more chips, two times more chips here with Anthropic. So, you have to worry a lot more with different things like cooling and all that. And even with double the amount of chips, you still have half the power. Uh, so it's kind of curious to see why would AWS want to go with this anthropic? Is it just a way to kind of showcase that they can do things themselves? To me, it seems foolish, but I would love to see kind of the price point. But in terms of the ownership after you build the system, it's going to be pretty much on par, right, with about the same type of power solutions there. Uh, but regardless, back to the meta topic. Um, this is going to be a lot of chips of GP200s and GP300s. Now another thing that semi analysis provided was kind of again this is from their free side. They they talk about how Meta is kind of transforming a little bit. Historically Meta has been using a lot of its GPU clusters for core AI. So this is their advertisement revenue. This is for their traditional money maker. But coming here in 2025, 2026, and 2027, Generative AI solutions is going to become a bigger and bigger portion of this company's total usage of GPU clusters. Now, how will the company be able to monetize that? That's a whole different story. And will it be successful? That's also a whole different story. But regardless, we can see a little bit of a shift happening here with Meta Platforms. I wonder how Meta investors will eventually um handle this because it is going to be pretty pretty expensive. Now like I I I I just kind of want to talk a little bit of some of the numbers here uh for Meta Platform. So we they mentioned that they're going to invest hundreds of billions of dollars and Meta is self- financing this due to its overall ad solution. Now previous guidance on the low end for Capex was roughly 60 billion. In the most recent quarter, they actually updated the low end to 64 and the high end from 72. So, you are seeing that Meta Platforms wants to continue to increase capital expenditure. I'm going to guess this upcoming quarter, they're actually going to increase it even more. And again, I believe we're actually going to see this across the map with other hypers scale players. Now, if you want to see kind of an easier timeline, the end of 2025, they expect OnePlus gawatts of computing power. By 2026, the first multi-gawatt AI supercluster, Prometheus, is scheduled to come online. And then there's going to be future Titan clusters. Uh in terms of recent invest investments, uh Meta Platforms recently made an investments of scale AI for 14.3 billion owning about 49% of the total business. In forms of this, there was a key hire, Alexander Wang, which now leads who now leads the new Meta Super Intelligence Labs, a clear signal of company's aggressive talent acquisition. Zuckerberg has also been poaching as expert rivals um with companies like OpenAI, Anthropic, Perplexity, and the list goes on and on, offering $100 million uh salaries for the next few years, which I think is pretty pretty insane. Now, I do believe Scale AAI was a great investment for them. I've talked about this in the past. Scale AAI is focused on making sure the data is super clean. That's the top level to make sure the data is super clean, super important to design topofthe-end models. And this can definitely help Meta Platforms become a massive massive player in the AI space again. Right? They've been lagging with Llama 4. uh but maybe in the next year or so we will see them becoming a massive AI company again. Now one thing that I was kind of curious about and if you made it this far let me say if there's one way you can sub you can help the channel for providing this type of information is go to fiscal.ai/hose sign up using my code just lose the link and you get 15% off right away. I use this platform on a daily daily ba basis. And here we're looking at let me just kind of download the image really quick to make it a little bit easier uh to view. This is Meta Platforms uh free cash flow which is the positive blue capital expenditure which is the negative blue repurchase of common stock and common dividends. So in the last 21 12 months we saw that $43 billion in capital expenditure and it's expected to go closer to 62 billion uh 68 billion by the end of this year. Now I am going to guess this is just my overall guess we're going to see capital expenditure actually be much higher. We could potentially see this company has about $40 billion in buyback program in the last 12 months. we see a slowdown in buybacks and being used to accelerate uh more of the capital expenditure. They also pay about $5 billion in dividend. So in theory in theory the company can still throw in a lot and a lot of money um to kind of see kind of these these increasements in capex uh which I think is pretty impressive. So I I I can definitely see capital expenditure becoming a big big number uh for Meta Platforms. Is it worth it? That's something that's going to take at least 3 years for us to really see it play out. But I'm very excited. It actually gets me pretty excited. If we do see kind of like a negative sentiment towards this, I'm personally going to buy stocks of Meta. At the moment though, the market is actually pretty excited about this. The stock is sitting at $720. So, the market isn't too phased by it, but maybe once we start to see the real number potentials, the stock price could drop and that would be a reason for me to add more and more to my position. So, I hope you guys enjoyed today's episode. Take care. Have a good day.