[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Hello and welcome. Good morning. Good afternoon. Welcome back to the Whoops. To the breakfast show. Oh, wait a second. Let me do this. There we go. Much better. Much better. Thank you, Neil. Um, good morning. Good afternoon. Yeah, almost. Uh, how are we today? First of all, first of all, yes, we are the world champions. Exactly. We are the It was actually not that far from you actually yesterday. Um in Jersey, they played the Oh, it was in Jersey. Yeah. Met Life Stadium. Apparently, it's in Jersey. Yeah, that's pretty pretty close. Um so, good morning to everyone here or or afternoon if we are in Europe then yes, afternoon. Morning charge. Yeah, morning Addie and many many mornings here. Yeah. So, how so how are how are you today? I'm pretty good. Neil, I mean earning seasons are starting back up. uh which is exciting both for a content creator and a semiconductor investor especially since this week we're going to have um TSMC and ASML u both report earnings and um they're kind of in the top of the chain right of of the semiconductor space so they're going to provide a lots of at least the trend where this market is going to go yeah and right now for those that are interested right now we look at the uh European an markets there are well footsy is green but well it makes sense but European markets are of course down because uh uh Trump has slapped them with a 30% uh tariff in Asia red slash I would say mix here again pre-market in the United States we are currently red as well the 10ear does go did go back above the 4.4% 4% and the Euro dollar sits at 1 16 at the moment. Yeah. Um I was going to say I I saw you one of your favorite stocks got an upgrade today, Neil. I don't know if you noticed that. Um Nebius, I saw it up about 6% I think on the day. Um which is pretty pretty exciting. I was hoping maybe some of these upgrades could wait about a week or so so I can uh this one I I definitely want to start adding a position into and now freaking Goldman Sachs comes in here and ruins that for me. Yep. Yep. So I I I had all of this prepared. I have all of this prepared. Uh we actually Yeah. So Nebus got an a new price target basically. Oscar got another downgrade. So we can talk a little I'll I'll touch a little bit on that uh in a second. But yeah, if you want we can we can start off with Nebus because I think it's a name that you are getting more and more interested in. Um, so Nebus right now is up I think six to 7% pre-market. Goldman Sachs initiated uh a position a uh I don't know say this they initiated a coverage a buy rating with a price target of 68. Could have done a dollar more. Could have done a dollar more. Would wouldn't have changed that much. So um what do they see here? The catalyst one AI new cloud market expanding rapidly alongside gena demand. Two full stack software cost efficiency and scalable execution differentiate nebuse and three valuation remains inexpensive versus peers with bullbear skew favorable. Um the analyst sentiment is of course positive. They expect a supportive catalyst path over tw what is this catalyst path over 12 million and sees Nebus well positioned for continued outperformance. I don't know what that 12 it's 12 months. Sorry it's 12 months. What a noob. Oh my goodness. Anubius. Um, so yeah, again, I mean, that's 46 45% upside from the price we're at today for uh for Nebus. I was also hoping that the stock would drop even more. Um, I I did already buy a little bit more on Friday, but I would have loved to buy a lot more if it if it did drop to the 40s, but it seems like it is not. And to be honest, fine. Then I guess I'll just buy more now and my average is going to be higher. But big deal. The end goal here is to make sure that I own more shares for the future. And uh yeah, I guess I'll have to pay up. Yeah. Yeah. I'm I'm I'm going to see. I did um I do have like a a small options account that I use to kind of build position um to use for like some positions. I did sell a put on this. Um I think my price was around 45, but uh I don't think it's going to after this price target. I don't know. But uh the market always gives us opportunity. If anything, um that might be a great way for me to enter it via. So uh yeah, I mean I I definitely did a little a lot more research on it and just with the $10 billion and all the things it has, I can see the multibagger potential in this one. Neo, um you you finally sold me to it. Well, welcome. Welcome aboard. Well, almost, I guess. Well, not yet. Not yet. Welcome. Welcome aboard. But I mean, the thing is even with the 7% boom, right? If if it is a multibagger position, um I don't see that. Yeah. Right. Exactly. So, um maybe you might even change my mind to even just at least start with the entry position um pretty pretty soon. It's the you know the invest and then investigate type of a type of a move. um talk about invest and then investigate. Um Oscar Oscar can't catch a break right now. Um because it's getting downgraded left, right, and center, which again is hilarious to me because all of the downgrades where these down after the price drop. Not only that, but all of them came after the stock stopped going up and up and up on a daily basis. like two weeks ago the stock was I think at the same price or three weeks ago the stock was at the same price we're at right now like if I check the last month stock was yeah approximately flat crickets now that the stock has pulled back suddenly um suddenly we have more and more of those price target well in this case we have a downgrade to neutral and they cut the price target from $18 to $14 and here as well. Same story as the analyst from uh from last week. Uncertainty, higher risk, etc., etc. Now, with Oscar, to me, it's I have a position. It is in my invest and then investigate type of a type of stage right now, but I I I watched a and I covered this in yesterday's portfolio episode. I watched the whole interview or podcast with the CEO from a month ago. So, the info there is quite fresh. The guy, the the CEO, and I'll I'll maybe I'll pull it up here. The CO has spent well the majority of his career in the uh in the healthcare and insurance industry. I'll I'll show you where he worked before. So, this was basically him. He was four years at Sigma and then he was 15 almost 16 years at it. This guy came to Oscar not because and he said it in in the in the podcast in the conversation he said look um we've had conversations etc etc but do you want me to come in just to flip the business because when he came in Oscar wasn't doing very well stockwise stock-wise I think were two $3 or so and he asked point blank like do you want me to come in to flip the business sell it off and and that's about it or do you want me to come in and changed the industry with this company. Um, of course, yeah, that's coming in with some Exactly. I mean, for for someone that has this track record, I think he can he can say that. Um, and so yeah, now a CEO, so I guess yes, they're not here to to just flip flip the company and then sell it to the highest bidder. They're here to to play and and change uh and change the game. And with these types of companies, I mean, especially in the US, the health insurance industry is a very very complex, complicated. There is lots of uh politics that come into play. Yeah. Um and so it is important to me to know that the captain of the ship here, the the CEO knows what he's doing. Um gets a lot of trust as well. He he did say again he talked about I think we spoke about it yesterday in in a in a full show. Um I'm like I didn't see you yesterday but you did and we'll see each other later today as well I think. Not I think I'm sure. Um and then he talked about the the basically getting a a PE multiple uh a higher multiple from the market. That's basically the market trusting. Um, yes, he was at Bridgewwater from Ray Dalio actually. Um, oh, he was. Uh, wow. If I if I remember correctly. I Is it? Yeah. That would be pretty impressive. I know that Bridgewwater doesn't get much love, but it's still Yeah. No, he was co of Bridgewater Associates. Um, pretty interesting. So he basically said look to get a higher premium from Exactly. Exactly. And and it's funny because he did uh he did I didn't know I didn't know I didn't I don't remember exactly if it was or with Sigma but one of the one of the two I I think it was right now when when he basically yes when he took the stock from $10 to $200 and at one point um I think it was at $30 or so. He said one of our biggest shareholders came and told me that we have to increase the dividend and increase the buybacks. and he's like actually no we are going to decrease the buybacks and not pay a higher dividend because we want to invest in the business and they're like yeah but we are the are your largest uh shareholders and and we will leave if you don't do that and he's like okay leave and and yeah that's good that that's the type of leadership I think you would want especially I mean I don't know Oscar if it's a um is this I wouldn't I wouldn't say startup but is it more of like in the billion light. Okay. Yes. I mean, you would want that, right? If you can have all that massive expansion, if you have kind of that total addressable market is much bigger than than what you're at hitting right now. Um, that would be the preferred thing of just massive but he did that at the previous Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So, so it's good to know that he has kind of that that Yeah, for sure. that that um mentality mindset mentality. Thank you. Thank you. No. And then and then he's like, "Yeah, when the stock was at 100 plus, they came back and they said, "Oh, we made a mistake." And he's like, "Yes, you did." Um, so pretty pretty cool. I mean, pretty good thing to know, especially especially for me who I mean, I still believe that this industry is very very complex, but it's reassuring that there is this type of CEO at the at the company right now. Thanks for that, Neil. Um, let's see. We have some questions here. Uh, well, uh, you were just talking about this, uh, from Tan Oscar downgraded by a.5ar analyst, lol. Um, we got a few questions on Big Bear. Uh, so JCP, uh, tell us about Big Bear. Good time to buy. Um, this is one that I don't follow, Neil. The way I look at it right now is it's definitely getting a nice amount of tailwinds from both Palunteer and having AI in its name. Um, at the moment I feel like there's plenty of other opportunities for me to spend my time in. Have you looked at Big Bear? Um, you know, you know what time it is. Thoughts on it? It's time to look up the old fiscal.ai. Um hey uh let's see I mean let's look at some financials right some financials we can look at some uh expectations from analyst um maybe see some valuation metrics uh let's take a closer look at maybe some balance sheets to see uh what we can determine at least on the top level what we tell you this is not a fast growing company that's for sure uh see ta M and of course all of this is available uh on fiscal.ai proud partner of both of our channels and uh this uh live stream. You'll get 15% off uh if you use our link. It's I mean it's amazing platform. Both of us are using it. Um and we've been using it for daily. I use it daily. Neil, it's it's insane. Obviously they're partners, but even if I wasn't, I would be using it daily. That's the thing. I used it before they reached out, which is even better. Yeah. So big bear.ai stockwise of course year to date I believe it's doing fine it's up 52% huge increase more recently% um over the past 12 months up 300%. Um it first my first question would be right when I just even look at that chart what happened in March that caused the overall or between February right where everybody got excited and then it dropped down from um I guess that was like $8 or something back down to like $2 um from from 10 to two right what happened and how is that different from what's happening now right it's is it just that same momentum that happened during that time frame that is um uh creating the same momentum here. Uh and are we just going to get another another error like that? Yeah, I just had to double check and it seems like Sound Hound did the exact same thing just a bit more a bit before a bit earlier earlier. So currently it's a it's company worth around$ 1.8 billion dollars. Of course, we're not going to focus on on the PE right now because it doesn't make any sense since there is no E at the moment. Um so what do we have here? First of all, for a company like this who who has been marketed not by maybe by them but by a lot of creators as well as the next palenteer, uh the next palenteer that is only growing that has only grown 3% is not really a next palenteer and more like a next Coca-Cola or something like that. Um they are expected to grow a little bit faster but still only 9.1% forward two years compounded. Um and so you know the Oh go ahead Neo and then after that I'll share a quick thought that I no and so I mean when I look at the growth rates when I look at currently the margins of course this is a small company right uh revenue wise they're generating let's call it 60 million in revenue so you're paying around 10 times sales right now sales that is not really expected to grow double digits or high double digits at least I I don't see the the appeal here. I I don't see the appeal. I know that has come in is coming from I think he was in government position before so maybe has some contacts but yeah and I saw I mean valuation I would say I'm surprised it wasn't as bad of looking at just the EV2 sales um right 11 is not that crazy. Um, but then I don't know why when I think of this company, I think more of like a little software solution for it to give me even the ne next 12 months of EV2 sales of about 11. I was expecting those gross margins to be a lot better. Uh, I know hardware companies that do more that do better gross margins than this. And that's that that would probably be one of my first red flags just looking at these topline numbers. Um, now like I mentioned green flags is at least on the EV to sales ratio not the craziest thing. I don't know why I would have expected a lot worse than that. Another red flag what you mentioned right Neil was kind of the um the growth in the compounded annual growth rate. Um a financial health it seems pretty strong at least cash and and debt there. Yeah, I I don't know. It's not it's not that interesting to me at the moment. Let's have a look at uh um at their last earnings report. Quick AI summary here to not waste that much time. It's one of the best features here, especi especially now that we go into this earning season. Quick AI summary. Bam. You get everything you need to know. So, I mean, even last year, it's so weird. 5% year-over-year growth. I mean, I feel like massive giants are growing at way uh faster levels than that. Yeah. So, only 5% growth. Uh gross profit 6%, gross margin 21.3%. I mean it okay backlog has increased 30% year over year but still is this supposed to be that so-called next palenteer whatever whatever I I don't uh I just don't see it um if you could really quick Neil can you go to a custom summary real quick and just put um what is management most excited about good thing about AI is knows when we misspelled and it doesn't care. Um I'm always shocked with how usually this management is most excited about uh convergence national security. Um this excitement stems from several key factors. The renew focus on defense technology. Um yeah and so I mean the company's growth strategy for 2025 which is what but they didn't give a it seems like they haven't even given much of a number uh so yeah I mean I think that's one of the main things is the overall excitement um is the overall excitement from that backlog of around 30% year-over-year growth um but you have to make sure that that backlog is you're recognizing as revenue pretty quickly. Yeah. So they're look they're projecting between 160 and $180 million in revenue for the end of 2025. And I'm like what? That's it? Yeah. Cuz that means I mean regard right here 35* 4 will give you what almost 140. So it's like um that's not expecting much growth from from from it there. So I mean I don't know not a fan. I'm I get the excitement. Sometimes we find a small company and we see that there is massive potential but what I'd rather see is I want to see that massive potential but also some backings with it. Um and and and to me, at least on the top level, nothing that I would get excited about, but that doesn't mean the market won't. The market can easily get excited for something like this. Um and can create a lot of positive returns in the short term amount of time. Uh the worst thing you want to do is get burned and trying to buy at these levels. Uh and then, uh buy at these levels, the stock goes down, and then one just becomes a long-term shareholder because their trading um plan didn't go as as expected. Yeah. I mean like someone says here um Abdul says here big AI is just hyped. I believe their CEO used to work in the Pentagon. Yeah, that's what I said. He used to work I think in the defense or government. Uh it's a pump and dump. I don't know if it's a pump and dump. It's just a an AI hype stock. I guess buy $3, hold for a month, sell at seven, then wait again, buy $3. So yeah, if if you like to trade these types of names, I guess it makes I guess it makes sense. Um, for sure. I did see a comment from someone that said that Micron Micron is down. Um, and yeah, I see it's down pre-market 3.4%. 3.4%. Let me see if I can find something. I already did. Hi there. I just asked Neil to do it for me. Thanks, Neil. Neil AI, what you got, Neil? We got a downgrade. We got Did they get something? No. Um, let's see here. So, apparently HBM over supply rumor emerging through uh calendar year 26 via overnight stocks. Okay, that's basically their account. Rumors suggest uh HBM could face potential over supply issues extending through calendar year 2026, raising concerns about market balance and pricing pressure. I would be very surprised. I I I would too, uh, Neil. I think sometimes the market might be I think we've talked about it, Neil, where HBM is not one product. HBM is a lot of different products. You have HBM 3, you have HBM 3, you have HBM 4, you have HBM4 custom. I do believe as we get further in the timeline, certain HBM products will become a commodity because you will start to have more entry into it. Now, the real way for you to survive in this HBM market is for you to keep innovating. Um, and the demand for that innovation memory still be there. I still believe that demand for that HBM uh solution is still there, but maybe something like HBM 2e or HBM3. Um, those might start to see a bit of an overupp issue. Uh, so I I I would find it pretty weird uh that they didn't talk about what type of HBM type is the overupp. I'm gonna guess is more of one of those younger generations which have more um um which have more players building it. Uh something like HBM2 uh there's a lot of players building that already. Uh even maybe just traditional HBM3. Uh and then within each platform right you have HBM3 8 stack um eight stack 12 high 16 high or whatever. So, uh, it as long as you're innovating, Micron is definitely innovating. And I don't even own the stock, uh, to be trying to defend it right now. Um, but I I I would say rumors like that are probably more of an overall term where you don't understand the difference. Um, where you don't understand the difference between the different types of memory solutions within the HBM space. And everybody just thinks HBM AI. Look, this is that secret sauce that tells us the AI market is dead. Yeah. And I mean look look at this comment right here. Edgewater sees mix 2025 outlook for Micron and I believe this is what sandisk probably um which which again it doesn't make any sense cuz Micron is is sold out for the year right for for for HBM specifically. Um and so yeah I don't know. Um I I did also see this comment but fine. Micron has moved from $60 to 130 since April. I'm not chasing that. A lot of these comments just don't make any sense because at 60 it didn't make any sense. I'm like this is not a reason why you shouldn't be looking at these types of uh these types of companies like it shouldn't be at 60. It shouldn't have been at 80 either. So yeah, it's not about what business is doing. It's important to understand why some of these price actions happen, right? 60s got hit. We got to 60s because of the massive fear in the market. Um so it's it's I think it's always bad to just look at one timeline, one price point, um one reaction and decide that hey look, this is a chase. But uh everybody has their own investing method. Uh eventually they'll find one that works for for them. Yeah, the chase is better than the catch. Um, but in this case, the catch is better than the than the chase. We talked a little bit about this already uh about uh the price target um from from Goldman Sachs. That was pretty bullish. Uh Neil even did a nice happy dance for those that that want to check out the show later. Even have a new haircut just in celebration of it all. Uh Eddie Micron stay winning. Haters are mad. Um, and I think Micron will stay winning as long as they keep innovating. And I think that's the to me that's the biggest threat that is unseen for Micron is if you have any slip up and it could happen with any company, right? Neil, you could have a slip up um when you're creating new innovative technology, when you're trying to test out new manufacturing um pushes. Uh there could be a slip up somewhere. And um I'm not saying it's gonna happen, but if that was the case, that would be my biggest bearish thesis for Micron right now is just the potential of it being a risky uh of skipping a a beat in the in the HBM space. But from what we're seeing right now, um they're they're definitely progressing in the right direction. Uh I think they mentioned during their last earnings that they were already shipping maybe um HB some HBM4 entries. um to to selected customers. So that's pretty amazing in my opinion. Yeah, that's the thing with especially with these types of uh with these types of players for sure is do not first of all don't overbuild, right? So you don't get stuck when when there is a down cycle. But in the up cycle stay focused and I think that's what they've been doing. So again, if if some boutique analyst shop wants to come out with some uh with some claims, go ahead. I am uh I'm still quite bullish on on Micron. We also have here a price target uh again up up the upgrade for Rocket Lab from $33 to $50 uh uh analyst comments here. This is from city analyst comments here. Key watch items for the quarter. We are watching for progress timing updates on neutron incremental uh DoD announcements opportunities and the ability for company to capture additional launch opportunities. I uh I agree. I mean if there is like a big delay with uh neutron for example if they say that suddenly neutron is for 2026 I think the stock could get hit quite uh quite hard quite hard. Um I don't know if that's going to happen. So I'm not here to spread any further whatever. I am a very big fan of Rocket Lab. I am up uh I think over 500% still on that position if not more. Um yes exactly that on my shoulder. Um but yeah this is this is again a company where I see opportunities of it becoming like a huge huge giant in the future. I did find another space company from Canada called MDA Space. Um, I will cover it probably in a separate in a separate video. It's a company that has that has been around for a long long time and for some reason nobody talks about it, but it's a company that has been killing it. I mean, generating over a billion dollars in revenue uh currently and I think it's worth around $5 billion or so in market cap or not even. So, definitely under the radar. um flying under the radar right now. But yeah, for Rocket Lab, just wanted to share this. Um we do have also for the for the HIMS shareholder. Apparently, the HIMS app downloads have declined year-over-year for the first time, a Morgan Stanley Alphawise data shows a notable slowdown for him and hers in June. Monthly app downloads fell year-over-year for the first time. and web traffic. Well, they should have said, but what the web traffic rose just 5% um the weakest growth since March 20 24. Uh Morgan Stanley flags a slowdown in business momentum at Hims and Hers. June app downloads dropped 8% year-over-year and 17% quarter over quarter uh to 185,000 below preg launch levels. Web traffic was just 5% year-over-year, the weakest based in over a year, while Hurst now makes up 40% of downloads, up from 26% a year ago. Overall engagement trends are soft. Mobile continues to dominate, making up for uh 80% of total traffic. Uh and him's pre-market is basically flat at uh at the moment. But just wanted to share just wanted to share this. And then the last one for now nice is of course need maintains buy rating on Uber raises price target to $109 from $100 and they observed pricing moving slightly higher quarter over quarter for Uber and Lyft. Uh this coupled with healthy demand data point gives us greater confidence in our two cube estimates but not enough to increase lift pricing advantage and Uber's weight time advantage are at recent highs. We're increasing our price target on Uber on a higher target multiple but a discount to where it trades now. Near-term the multiple is likely dependent on the next AV headline. Of course, a Uber Lift launching with May Mobility this year looks like a positive. Adding another tech provider to the right share ecosystem, but Tesla expanding their robot taxi footprint and way more potentially launching alone in Miami. They're launching in Miami with a company that Uber does have uh two board seats on and and I think also a strategic investment. So important to note, need hum um in Miami and DC might be launching there. Whimo launching there alone could weigh on the multiple assuming the c the consumer remains healthy. Uber's ability to compound bookings over the near term is less of a debate in our uh view. So pretty happy pretty happy with that. Um let's see if Uber stock is up premarket. We are uh let's see we are not we are basically also not moving. So we'll see we'll see what happens. Yeah. And and and the more uh I I learn about this um autonomous vehicle market Neo the more I don't get as worried as much when we see uh Whimo kind of release without Uber. Um there are a few things that I I I I was researching that could imp impact this. Um, for example, if Whimo is just starting with an initial flee of just like a handful or so of um of Whimos, it makes no sense for Uber to have that because then what you're going to have a a selected different solution of autonomous vehicles for just 10 vehicles or 11 vehicles and then just create kind of like a negative um experience for your user. So, you have to have it where it's both beneficial for Uber and Whimo. Uh sometimes Whimo is just just testing things out as well. Um there's also other things like some um regulations uh that need to happen um before you can kind of put some things in like a taxi application. Uh so so I it's now becoming if I don't see Uber being partnered with Whimo, it's becoming a little bit less scary than it was in the past. Yeah. But I mean I I think we we are still going to see quite a lot of launches and um way more and Uber and Uber with others as well and I know you posted them Neo I just wanted to talk a little bit some of the Micron uh comments we got. So sender here MU is expanding capacity in the US while Trump is in the office. Micron should be okay. I would say the only I don't think it matters too much because Micron was building in with the prior administration and I think it's going to continue to build with the next administration whoever whenever that happens. Um it's more of just the innovative space. I think that's all that's going to be a massive reason for uh for Micron to be okay. Um then uh we saw Jackson, I love Micron. I live near the Boyce uh facility. I have 50 shares. Um Matthew says, "Micron has definitely been kind of a really tough stock to own." Uh definitely right. This is one that historically has been very dependent on the cyclicality of the consumer space. Uh now the question is and it seemed as the answer is yes so far is the HBM market um reducing maybe some of that cyclicality. I think the answer is yes for now because eventually uh right now I I I do believe the AI market would eventually have a cycle as well. I just think we're not there just yet. But um uh Micron can definitely be pretty tricky due to the cyclicality and the competitive in maybe certain products. As long as it keeps innovating, I think at least HBM Advance um will be uh will be a mult regardless. I think everything else will still be competitive. But finally, I agree with Matthew rather own the goat here invidia. Um so yeah, I mean some some great thoughts there for Micron. I definitely think Micron is going to be a tricky one to hold and it's one that you really need to understand the business uh to uh to not have uh weak hands with it. Uh on the bright side with TSMC reporting earnings this week, if we do get some positive traction on maybe the consumer sentiment, I do believe that could drive some um bullish sentiment for Micron as uh while their HBM space has done really well. The consumer market for them has been pretty weak. Uh so now you will have the tailwinds of HBM and if TSMC says that the consumer market is picking back up, you're going to have that tailwind from the consumer space as well. Uh so um yeah I I pretty excited for TSMC and maybe I can show some slides in a bit Neo of what to expect from earnings. Yeah. Um I don't want to touch on on this comment from Sandy. Makes no sense to own 30 stocks like uh some people here might as well own an ETF with some stocks. First of all, everybody does what he feels more comfortable. Um it's his their portfolio, whatever. Plus, if you own 30 stocks or even 20 stocks or 15 stocks, if the top five make up the majority of the portfolio and the rest you own because you want exposure to that and you think that that could uh be potential multibaggers or or maybe it's just the start of you building out the position, then it makes sense, right? Then you can you can have 20 20 stocks, but if the let's say the top five make up already 50% or so or 60%, then that's a big difference. Okay? If you own 20 stocks and each stock is is 5% of your portfolio then okay then I might say yeah okay fine then I don't really see any reason there but if you have higher concentration in your higher conviction names then it makes total sense right it's about owning good businesses and if I can own a lot of good businesses then why not why not um of course we crazy yeah I mean I think it's it's everybody does their own thing um but I agree just saying the number of stocks you own doesn't really explain anything in your portfolio. I could say I own a 100 stocks, but what if 99% of my portfolio is on Nvidia? I mean, it does it really uh right. So, it's it's always understanding of of how the portfol I think portfolio diversification is more important and I agree with the point you were making that um if it's a equal weighted equal weighted um distribution with like 20 plus 30 plus not a fan of that. But if you have, like you mentioned, five stocks that hold 70 60%, how different is that from someone that owns seven stocks that own 100%. So it's like um it's numbers is is different and um it's more about the allocation prefer. Yeah, I mean it's always about the allocation. Yeah, I mean Eddie, he he owns 30 plus stocks, but 15 of them are just tiny yellows. Yeah. Um, and it makes sense, right? Because you want your yolos to be tiny because if it works out, great. If it doesn't, then it doesn't really impact the overall uh performance here. Um, talking about yolos, maybe we can uh touch a little bit on I wait first let me touch on the Piper Sandler downgrade here of Sound Hound to neutral from overweight with a price target of $12 which I think is still higher than than today. Yeah, a bit a bit higher than what it is today. Uh while we initiated a few months ago and our thesis points are generally still intact for this main street versus institutional name retail basically uh there are a few things that have changed for us. One the second half of 25 setup embeds decent execution across the three pillars but inputs leave near-term concerns that deals may be pushed into 2026. Sound hound is trying to achieve profitability while investing in Amelia's success. I believe that's the company that did acquire a year or so ago. It's hard to do both. Even if Amelia is successful, this carries higher earnouts plus dilution. Three, if this pressures uh if this pressures second half estimates, it would weigh on the multiple over 20 times calendar year 2026. Um, as shares are up 30% over the last few months, we remain constructive on the long-term opportunities and second half execution could create a squeeze on shares, but fundamentally we see a balanced riskreward here. I mean, again, overweight price target $12. Stock is just over $11 right now. So, how big of a I'm surprised they keep that price target of 12. Yeah. Yeah. But uh I guess they'll change their mind once the stock moves once. Yeah. Once the h we saw it coming blah blah blah here's the new price target. Yeah. Um um so yeah Nebus had the question. Yeah. Nebus core reef apply to digital and digital ocean. Um I mean Nebus and Core Weave similar but again Nebus does offer you also other other options. Um also focused a lot more on that full full solution software and hardware side of it. Um core we've really trying to be that next hyperscaler a super super close relationship with Nvidia. Neil, maybe we can just start off um just on the very top level overview. Um Applied Digital, right? They pretty much build um their their business model is built kind of these the outer shells of a data center. So Applied Digital builds kind of like your massive building that you're going to put all your AI servers. They make sure you have like your cooling um all your utilities connected to that building. They make sure you have plenty of power. They have make sure you have plenty of utilities. So they built kind of like that outer shell of the data center. Um then their typical customers could be kind of like your core of Nebus who want to build the internal system of the AI of this kind of AI infrastructure. They're the ones that are putting the AI servers together and creating solutions out of that. either just renting out um the AI infrastructure as um as bare metal or like Neil mentioned you kind of can have like the software solutions added on top to them to have increased margins but Nebius and Cororeef typically would be considered a company a customer of a company like applied digital where they don't want to build the data center themselves they rather have someone else do it for them and they just come in with the chips and those internals um I'm not too familiar with the other one Digital Ocean uh But then outside of that, Neil, you you have Nebulus, which um coreweave is really just focusing on AI infrastructure. That's it. Where you you you showcased above, Nebulus is hitting a lot more than that. So within each business, they might have different uh segments. Um and if I may be honest with Nebulas, seeing this really shocked me. Um you know, because you've always mentioned it, but I don't think you ever showed me that slide. If you could just say, Jose, just look at this slide for one minute. This is all you need to be bullish on Nebul as a 10 billion dollar company. I mean, you should have you should have watched my video when it was a $4 billion company and you you would have known. You would have known, but it's okay. At that moment, Neil, I was focusing on core, right? So, it's better. It's good. It was good. Now I get to watch that video and and sit on my core with gains and hopefully I'll see them here with Nebulas. Yeah, because I mean we always talk about Nvidia and I think now I remember Sandy is the one that keeps on hating in my comments uh on their videos that I never talk about Nvidia and blah blah blah, but I think I talk about Nvidia daily during the live streams. So yeah, no no surprise. No surprise. But here, yeah, we see also a partnership with Meta for uh um for for Nebuse. As for the other ones, by the way, all of this, you can see all the slides, all the reports also on fiscal.ai. What was the other one? Digital Ocean, I think it's the Yeah. Yeah, that's one I've never really followed. Um um operates a cloud computing platform. it its platform provides on demand infrastructure and platform tools for developer startups and small and mediumsiz businesses. Uh let's see. I think I think I did cover this company not a while maybe a while ago not so long ago. Uh let's see here. This is like this is a decent decent growing uh company. Core cloud computing platform enhancement. So I think it's less about building and having those GPU clusters and AI data centers and more about um more about providing software software solutions. Um I I I' I've definitely seen uh people be bullish of this in the data center era or or the data center transformation era. And I can if they were bullish on it during the data center um and digital computation era. I can see how maybe they could be trying to provide some solutions for the AI space. Um the simplest scalable cloud for digital native enterprises. Yeah. So I I I guess the potential here it does seem like they're focusing um I mean just from that first line in in the enterprise space and the enterprise space usually is uh a little bit of lagging in certain technologies. Uh so if um and and I saw revenue wasn't that big. So if AI starts to really pick up into the enterprise market maybe this could be a a massive growth player. I wonder what are the estimates in revenue expectations for this company. uh Neo if if maybe in a bit we can look at that after after these stuff here. Yeah, I just wanted to see. Okay, so we have seen a nice little recovery in uh in retention rate. So that's good. It was under 100. We're now at a 100 bucks. So um pretty I mean it's better to be at 100 than being under it. Would be great if they can go back to 105 110 or 10 or so. But okay, pretty good. um revenue estimates for the upcoming for the upcoming year. Let's see. Whoops. So, it seems like we are or the market expects it to accelerate a little bit. It's not high high double digit growth. It's 13% 14 and then 15.5. But again, a good trend I'd say. Y um and I sometimes what I would wonder Neil is this kind of a story with Oracle as as we know with Oracle they had like a lot of legacy products that they were kind of seeing a decrease in but then you had that acceleration from AI and from their infrastructure that was even though they were growing that market dramatically fast the legacy products were making actual revenue growth rates see a lot smaller uh so one thing that's what I would like I'm curious now to see um if they have something like that where maybe a core product could be hiding the true growth potential for this one if they're really focusing here in the AI um and machine learning era. Yeah. And it does seem like you're paying right now a bit over 10 times earnings uh uh for fiscal 27. So not that bad, not that crazy actually for a company that is growing EPS. I mean okay for this year it's doubling basically and then 5.3% but then in fiscal 27 EPS expected to grow by 23.4%. So not that crazy not that and and and arrows um um I'm pretty sure I butcher everyone's names my apologies um mentions that this is a stock from the past. I remember this was actually very popular in the 2020s. Um uh during the I I think the econ where everybody was doing everything online um and I think one of their biggest opportunities that was if I remember correctly um people were saying that a lot of small to midsize companies uh were using this opposed to maybe like your cloud server providers. Uh so it was focused in in that era. Um Sneaky has says he's been following Digital Ocean for three years. Uh, Sneaky, you've been following Question. Have you been owning for three years or what are your thoughts on it right now for someone who's been following for this while? Is this worth looking at or or would you say, Sneaky, we should uh um try somewhere else? I mean, it's still down 77% from their highs back here in the in the bubble in the 2021 bubble. But revenue, look, Kagger compound three years 20%. So, the business has definitely been doing fine. Um, so yeah, interesting. Interesting. Uh, I do really quickly want to touch on Nathan's question because I think he did ask it a couple of times. No llordis if it's still at 70. No, not this one. Uh, okay. These are the the shares in Danish Cronin incredible. Uh, but yeah, you can buy it in Danish CR, you can buy it in USD. Yeah. 69. Um still my views do do not change. Of course we are still waiting for a CEO announcement but uh yeah I still think it is a a very good very good business uh to own that is still expected to grow quite quickly in the upcoming the upcoming years. Although fiscal 27 uh sees only 2.5% year-over-year growth, but still very profitable and and I do think that they can continue uh they they can continue to grow. Um if you were to buy core positions of your portfolio, what would you buy besides Google? Let me guess. Uh Nebas, PayPal. Ah actually regarding regarding PayPal so PayPal fell like a lot of fintech companies uh did because of that JP Morgan note on the fees 5.7% and um let me see what what fees Neil so JP Morgan said that they're going to start to charge um data aggregation fees to fintech players um pretty soon and so a lot of fintech players did uh did fall. But uh Brad here, great follow on X, he was able to speak with PayPal team regarding the JP Morgan fees. They called the news massively overblown with PayPal having limited exposure to uh data aggregators and the new cost. They're not reliant on open banking and are large enough to navigate this in multiple ways. Um, so yeah, good uh good good to know and so uh yes, it's time to maybe buy more uh buy more buy more PayPal. But yeah, I just wanted to touch on on that and to answer the the question I guess besides besides Google, I guess now I have to yeah think I think maybe still PayPal, Nebus. Um can I get enough Amazon? Probably not. And if the other guy Sandy is still watching, maybe I I'll say Nvidia just for the sake of it, right? I have to say I have to say Nvidia. Um but yeah, so do we do we have any market opens in about five minutes now? I'm just taking a quick look. You know, one that uh has taken quite a hit in the past few days after a runup was wolves. Uh it seems like maybe the market got a bit excited on um I I know it saw stock price up after uh the big beautiful bill was kind of passed and there was like a a lot more excitement for the chips act there. Uh so I wonder if if many were expecting that woolspeed could have maybe gotten benefits from that. Um but it it's back to I saw a dollar 33 uh um still up 3x I think from the the low. Yeah. From from those 40s it made it to around the 40s, right? you know, I think um then outside of that, let's see. I see we saw Micron was down um about 3%. Air Technology was down about 3%. I haven't seen that one's such a small company that sometimes I believe it it could just move um from nonsense. Uh I'm seeing pre-market Soundhound is down about 3%. And uh Nebia is up 10% right now already after the upgrade. Uh% yeah I see up 10% right now on Nebulme I you would think so um we have Autodesk up about 6% uh Autodesk I saw they had they were pl there were reports that they were going to make an acquisition um I I wonder after they the rumors happened it seemed there was a lot of negative sentiment towards the acquisition I wonder if maybe there's some reports happening um about anti-acquisition. Uh meme stock cororeweave. I have to say that to make you happy, Neil. Um it's up 3% on the day after just following maybe the the tail of Nebula's upgrade right now. You think you think it will rebound like it will find some support around 130 after falling uh let's see after falling what is it 30? Yeah 30% or so. I I I don't know. And and first um Susie, yeah, Wolf is going into bankruptcy. Uh very true. Uh I think um some of the Wolf investors were expecting that with the big beautiful bill, maybe it could be saved a little bit with with potential um new money coming in. Uh but now with core, I don't know, Neil, I I want to say I don't like it at these price points. Sometimes I'm worried though, Neil, that it is it me being cost bias blind? Um, am I just looking at it, hey, I was able to enter it at such a low level. Um, why would I be buying at these levels? Um, so that would be the the the first thing Jose say first. I gota I got to see who Victor Creed is. Um, but that would be the first thing. Maybe I don't know by name. Um, but uh that would be the fir that's I don't know if that's just holding me back from corweave right now. Um, if I still think 125 is a bit expensive, but when I was looking at um I did a video recently, Neil, looking at Nebulas and Cororeie, if you were to look at both, huh, I thought you were going to say maybe chorus is the way to go. Oh, um, you know what? I think now they're they're they're kind of valued at around that price. Let me do that math real quick. Um, but we saw core we've dropped down to 120 and cores barely moved. I think if we do $12 and.5 divided by 1.235, I think was the number. Uh, you get Nope, you still get about $100. So, yeah, I think course is definitely the way uh to go about it if you want to get Core Wee and you believe the acquisition is going to happen. Um, but yeah, I think I'm a little bit more excited of of your stock at the moment, Neil. Very good. Corweave. Very good. Unfortunately, it is pumping. So, we should maybe stop. Oh my god, I'm not an X-Men fan. Then I didn't know Wolverine had a brother. It's like a brother in arms. Um when when they they were in the in the army in that special group with Striker, I believe. Um played by Le Shriber, Ray Donovan. I don't know if you know that that show. Um but yeah, that's a Victor Victor Creed. Oh, he's Sabertooth. Mhm. No. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I had to Google it. See? Googling in there. I love Why can't um we have a minute to the market opens. Let's actually look at AMD real quick. Actually, we'll look we'll look at all of them when the market when the market opens. And uh quick thing. Oh, opening. Um yeah, I agree, Eddie. I think um bullish. I think he makes it sound like air is a multiagger. I agree. I think air has huge potential. Um, but being a small company, you also come with that risk. So, I I'm I'm happy with this one, uh, Eddie, and any form of pull down, so I don't mind buying more and more. Um, let's see. Someone did ask me about new, yeah, new holdings. Um, still think it's an amazing company. Um, I don't own it right now, but, uh, still a very, very good, very good company. Yes. up 13%. I told you to stop talking about it. If we continue to talk about it, it will go up and up and up until until we we we can't even touch it anymore. It's back to $50 now. Oh, iron. Darn it. Another one of my meme plays here is up 5%. Hood is back above 100. It seems most of the semiconductor space is pretty red today. Neil, I wonder if most of the market might just be waiting, at least in the semiconductor space, if we're waiting for TSMC's earnings to see kind of a full sentiment. Um, yeah, Oscar is down a little bit, but not much. You would think it would be down more after that. Uh, let's me pull up pull this one. Um, so yeah, AMD holding up here quite uh quite good. Uh, woo. Google. Google is at uh 183 buckles right now. Very nice. You just got to stop talking about that one. No, that one we can continue. We We deserve some recognition. We deserve some recognition. I've had like someone write in my uh in my comments, um, I've learned more about Google from from your videos than from Google themselves. I'm like, "Yeah, they I mean, they better pay me for it, but uh um I mean, they're doing so well integrating their solutions. It almost almost I don't have a smartwatch. Um but it almost made me want to buy one cuz now they've added Gemini into um into the smartwatch platform." Um yeah, the W OS ones. Yeah. Yeah. But maybe I I I've heard rumors that the next smartwatch is coming out this summer, so I I might just wait it out. But the Pixel Watch 3. Um, yeah. So, I think the four might come out. Um, four. What do you mean four? Yeah, Pixel Watch 4. Yeah. Oh, yeah. I have the Pixel Watch 3. What an idiot. And I would love to hear more about their glasses. Yeah, that's going to be completely. Yeah, that's going to be interesting. I wonder if they'll come out with an with a tablet again soon cuz the the the Pixel tablet is a bit outdated. Um I I've read some some reports on the Pixel 10. Um that's going to be quite powerful because I think they're using uh TSM now and not Samsung for their tensor chips. Oscar is my wife then and I'll buy the 10. Yeah, I'm still at the eight. I'm still at eight. Um, but yeah, for due diligence purposes, we we will upgrade to 10. Um, let's see. So far is down a little bit, but I mean, we've been going up and up and up like there is no tomorrow. U Meta is green despite that report that they might be fined $8 billion or so on the Cambridge Analytica thing. Um, that's that's still ongoing apparently. Nvidia. See, Nvidia, I'm talking about Nvidia, Sandy. Nvidia, Nvidia, Nvidia. Um, we are down 0.5%. Uh, let's see. Hims is flat. Who's making big moves today? Micron down 5.7 right now. 5.7% on Micron. Uh, let's see. Where's the apply digital? Ah, okay. We're up 4%. Back on it. Well, uh, we're still down, but we're back. We're still down, are we? Yeah, I think I think we bought at 9.7. Let me check. I have to look. But it did rebound on that 50-day moving average quite perfectly um right now. So, that's good. That's good to know. Uh, the trade desk making moves. Yep. Yep. Trade is making moves after it did come down after that huge huge pump here. Um, that was the earnings report. Basically showing that the Trade Desk is still an amazing company. Then went back down. Now we're going making our way back up. That's great. Uh, let's see. Oscar Bing Green is a pretty good uh pretty good sign. Um, let's see. United Health what they're doing down 1%. Maybe another Bitcoin miner. Fifer up 5.4. It makes sense I guess when with Bitcoin being up so much. Um so yeah uh pretty good pretty good at the moment. So that will be it for us right now. Uh we will be back tomorrow. Um Wednesday we will Wednesday's ASML. So probably we can cover ASML's earnings live um on Wednesday and then we'll do the same for TSM on Thursday since both of them do report before the market. Oh, both are premarket. Oh yes, nice. Um plus ASML being a European one, I guess everything will be live even before we go we go live, I think. Um and and the same with TSM. No, because Yes, I was going to say I think TSM is the same. I think they do it actually like 1:00 in the morning my time. Yeah. So even even better. So that's Wednesday and Thursday and tomorrow we'll do probably a little uh a little preview um as well if nothing else changes. And uh yeah, thank you all for joining us on YouTube and on X. We'll see each other uh tomorrow morning. Bye-bye.