[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Hello everyone and welcome back to well the not breakfast show obviously unless unless you're in Australia or Japan or something like that. Um we are back. We are back. Jose, how are you? Uh pretty good Neil. Pretty good. I mean we're back in earning seasons. We have an pretty cool earnings happening uh today which reflects a lot of the semiconductor uh market and it seems you're a little bit back from the dead as well. So I'm actually pretty excited about that as well. Yeah, back from the almost almost dead. So pretty excited about about that. Um halfway halfway there. Halfway there. I mean we'll be back of course next week with our dailies um Monday to Thursday might not always be morning shows cuz if there is an evening uh session I mean I think there is Tuesday or Wednesday I think Meta Microsoft and all that report. So, we might just uh switch from morning to to a market close. But uh yeah, hopefully by by next week, unless unless my body decides to shut down again, um we should be back to normal. We should be back to normal. Uh Neil, I mean, yesterday we pretty I I saw you. Did you drop the video yet? I know we were talking in private that you were going to drop a Google video. You did. I did see it. Um I did see the thumbnail for that one. Um but yeah, I mean Google earnings were uh amazing I thought yesterday. I mean for the AI space it it pretty kind of solidifies that this market is still pretty strong. We had Capix increased by an extra 10 billion. We had uh Google Cloud growth. Um yes, I I think that's what happened to him yesterday. Google earnings revived them. Hopefully Intel's earnings doesn't take them back down though. Um so so let's hope that's not the case. Uh but we saw cloud grew a lot faster than the market was expecting. I think 32% versus the market was expecting around 27 28. Uh and you hear that um they believe 2026 is going to be even further in capital expenditure growth just because of the demand that they're seeing. I don't think many people are talking about that portion. They just saw kind of that 75 to 85 billion. But what really got me excited, Neil, was that um that they mentioned 2026 is in a slowdown period either. Um especially it seems like we got all those amazing numbers from their AI overviews and all the AI stuff but uh Sundar also mentioned that he believes AI Aenic is going to be 2026. They're already starting to use it internally um in in in their uh I guess for their coders. Um but it it's kind of showing that that's going to be an era of 2026. Yeah, I mean we can I can maybe show because Google I I honestly thought it would get a little bit more love, right? Um but then again, then again, it still is Google. Uh so it's still up, right? It's still up today. It's up 1.35% or so on the day, but we were higher. We were actually quite close to 198 on the day which deservedly so. Um it was also trying to fill that gap that uh went down here back in February. But yeah, the market will do what the market will do. Um I I think it was a an amazing quarter. This is basically what what's happening right now across the market. Tesla's down 7.7%. It's normal if you looked at that report and try to listen to the earnings call. Um I think that's that's exactly what you would have expected. All the rest still holding on pretty well. AMD is actually up 2.2% 2% probably anticipation of uh Intel showing that AMD is doing much better than uh than Intel but uh but yeah no overall I mean Google Google's report was amazing right that cloud growth wow 32% u operating margin now for the Google cloud business is above 20% uh for the quarter so big big jump quarter over quarter from 17.2 two or something like that to now 20 uh just over 20% amazing uh across the board beats other than free cash flow but we know uh why why that that has happened I was I know I know we talked about it before right you you asked if we're going to see um some of the big tech companies increase their capex for the year I said I don't think we're going to see that that many actually increase it this year just going to grow this year then next year but yeah Alphabet first one here raising the bar already $10 billion extra and yes like you said 2026 it's going to be even higher than that and it makes sense last quarter they told us Google cloud supply constraint we had more supply would be growing faster and it's true you look at the Google cloud business this quarter suddenly a reaceleration in growth and it's not like the year-over-year comparisons got easier no they got more difficult and so Yeah. I mean, spend the way. If there is that much demand and you're becoming that profitable, why not? Why not? Yeah. And and and I think it's great now that um Google went first. Um because it sets the tone, right, Neil? Is this kind of um it we saw that growth come a lot heavier than what the market was expecting? Is this mainly because the AI story is really growing as quickly as we see? Um, which I do believe that's probably the first case. I mean, we continue to hear about all these massive investments from all these AI companies. Um, but now the Walsh I I feel like Wall Street is going to take a closer eye on all the other clouds or providers and if they don't beat expectations, the market's going to be like, is Google taking market share from the number one and the number two player? And I think there's actually the possibility of of that happening. I mean, um, yeah. So, so they're they're definitely going good there. Uh, so I was long-term investor. I didn't think there was anything I would even put as a yellow flag. Neil, um I don't know if I might be missing something. Was there anything on on your video that maybe you you might have thought of like, hey, look, this is at least a yellow flag for right now. Maybe nothing to really be worried about, but something to consider. I mean, if I did miss something, I have a very good excuse for that. But um no, I don't I don't think I don't think again I don't think there was anything bad or or or not bad a yellow flag in that in that report. I mean you you can play devil's advocate and say oh $85 billion $10 billion increase in capex. What would the return on investment be? But then again just look at how fast this Google cloud business is growing. Look at the margins for that business. Um, I'll actually let me actually share this from uh, yeah, and that's such a big point, right? Right now, I think margins almost grew 100% uh, on a year-over-year basis. I think it was like 11% last year and now sitting at closer to 20%. Um, so as revenue is growing, those margins are even growing at a faster rate. So I I I found that in insanely insanely bullish. You got to look at quarterly. Yeah. Nice. Yeah, that's crazy. 20.7 um and continuing to grow. I uh that that gets me pretty excited. I would love to hear maybe what are some of the um real reasons of the margin growth? Is it just one of those businesses that as revenue gets higher uh your margins kind of showcase or is there something else that Google has kind of changed around uh that is making that margin improvement happening? Yeah, I mean it's it's like AWS, right? I'll I'll show you AWS. And by the way, everyone, this is on fiscal.ai. AI proud sponsored partner of the stream link in the description. You can go and make your own custom metrics here. Um if if something isn't available, you can just create it. It's amazing. So if we actually go to um Amazon, I think I I still have one for AWS. Same thing here. Of course AWS. Let me just do quarterly. Um AWS last quarter 39.5%. Now AWS of course we know is already a business that generates over hundred billion dollars a year. So yes as the as the business scales actually let me put let me put the cloud business right here. As the business scales of course there was that one point here which is also why the stock the stock went down. Lots and lots of investments lots of changes. People were say oh there is no demand anymore. So we saw this drop, but then look at this. Look at this reaceleration went from 24.2% basically two years ago to now close to 40%. So this is what I'm expecting to see other than this drop. This is what I'm expecting to see from from Google Cloud in the future. This is for Amazon AWS, but this could very well be a well a prediction of what Google Cloud will look like when it will be hundred billion dollars um in revenue in the future run rate for uh for a year. Um, but by the way, if Google Cloud does manage to grow 30% for the next 3 years, like compounded, I know it's quite crazy, but why wouldn't it? In three years time, it's a hundred billion dollars a year business. And then let's say it only grows 20%, that's an additional $20 billion a year that suddenly comes in. Um so so the numbers are will start to accumulate and grow very very quickly for for Google and with the margins expanding I mean this is going to be look at this and and and one cool thing here Neil is now Google is closer to 15% Google cloud is now closer to 15% of total revenue I think it was it was like 14.5 this quarter uh where just a few years ago it was less than double digits so uh now that you you kind of have that portion that is growing at still crazy double digits. Margins are growing at strong double digits. Even uh this quarter was close as close to like triple digits. And I do believe that can make a lot of changes there to the um uh to the bottom line. And and Nathan, I was just about to share that. I just want to say congratulations Neil on 100,000 subs. I know that's what ended up happening. You you ended up partying too hard. You don't have to lie to us. He he partied way too hard and and ended up getting too sick after hitting 100k. Um but all jokes aside, Neil, congratulations. Very much deserved. Thank you very much. I mean, there is Tomorrowland happening here. So, coincidence. I think not. But yes, it's a coincidence cuz I did not do I did not do anything. That that was the big surprise. That's why the the slap in the face was so big. Um but yeah and I agree here with uh three maybe Eagle 873. Yeah, EOS ego 873. Uh as a Google shareholder, I couldn't imagine wanting anything more from that earnings call. I agree. I mean they shared everything and it showed because I remember the stock price going down initially before the earnings score began probably because of that big uh free cash flow miss and uh maybe the market didn't like the extra $10 billion in capex but then as time went by stock recovered because I mean the market can be stupid but there are I guess I guess limits to its stupidity. Yeah. And let's see here. All this looks obvious. Why is Wall Street missing this about Google? I mean, I I think it might look obvious to some who like really want to maybe test a lot of these features out. Um, but I do think if I wasn't as embedded into using Google daily, checking out their AI transformation, I could understand the thesis of the uninformed thesis of kind of chat GPT and everybody else eating um the market share rapidly. Uh, so I I do think maybe a lot of the noise um comes from maybe people that don't use the platforms and understand the innovation happening behind it. Yeah. And I mean, is I don't Is Wall Street missing it? Yeah, maybe. I mean, Wall Street has missed plenty of plenty of things, right? It's always catching up to to a lot of big moves. I think they they they'll react accordingly with Google. Um, but yeah, I I do still think that right now what what is it? I think the peer needs to be I think I think it has been updated actually. It can very well go. Let's just look at the trailing one still 20 times. It can easily be 25 easily uh be 25 times and the stock would be above what is it $230 $240 right now would make would make a lot of sense. Uh that's another 25 30% from here. So um let's see let's see if we got some questions and we saw Lisa coming in. Lisa's making sure that her arch nemesis Intel doesn't show uh anything. Uh and uh we saw Josh saying hi to Lisa here. This is the one I wanted to show. Uh hi guys. Um what any questions here? Um I'm trying to see if we have any questions. Oh, Neil, I don't Yeah, I don't you you're sick, so I'm I'm going to say you haven't. SK Hideex reported earnings this morning. um which is the uh for those that are not familiar with SK Heinix, this is the big memory competitor, the leader of HBM. Um and I think for Micron investors, it did kind of showcase a nice bullish sentiment. I just dropped a video um on it a few hours ago. And the most important thing, Neil, they mentioned is they are not seeing any negative pressure in the HBM market right now. they're actually increasing their capital expenditure um even more because now the visibility of 2026 is getting better and the demand continues to grow. So I I I think that same sentiment is going to follow through to Micron shareholders as well or Micron stock. Um and they mentioned that as the quarters progress they believe their capital expenditure can increase more as that visibility gets better and better and the captics is mainly used for increasing their DRAM um their their their DM uh capacity and manufacturing lines which is needed for that HBM. Uh the other thing there was a question about pricing and the entering of Samsung and they say at this moment where we are in this market even when you add more suppliers there's still not enough chips because you're getting into one this AI agentic era which you're going to need vast amounts of memory for. Uh so the the kind of uh memory suppliers especially those that are able to provide um the best HBM still have kind of a little bit of the edge in the uh in the table when discussing pricing and stuff like that and they discuss even it they didn't say HBM3 in general but they mention you need to continue to innovate and yes maybe the older products might become a commodity but the newer products are what's going to take the new capacity and is going to be able to fuel this kind of um profit growth. So he did see like um massive growth year-over-year and still saw uh sequential growth as well. So uh SKH Highix I just want to say kind of continues to solidify the demand for HBM is here um and for sure till 2026. Yeah. So basically the arguments that we've read from analysts over the last 10 days or so like we predicted were a bit of a nothing burger because the company's exactly basically saying the exact opposite. Um yeah which makes sense which is exactly what uh Micron said what was it a month ago. So I found it very strange that sudden like a month later suddenly the situation has changed. doesn't make doesn't make any sense. And maybe yeah, that's why Micron is up 1.7%. Although um it did it did drop already from the recent highs. Uh no, not that. It was 15% or so. Yep, exactly. Uh what's the name? Casper. You know Casper the the ghost? Well, maybe should change the Bruno nickname. Yeah, Bruno. Um, that's my jam. And I've seen a few people request here, uh, Neil, thoughts on AMT. Um, the past I I think today it's up almost what 2% today alone. Um, I haven't I haven't seen anything. I don't know exactly. I mean obviously yesterday the capital expenditure growth I think while Google doesn't buy the MI300's I think the market is now expecting all the other cloud providers to say probably the same thing. Some of those cloud providers could be um uh could be AMD purchasers like Oracle like um um supposedly Amazon is still a customer there um Meta and all these players. So I think it's just that bullish sentiment. Um, but outside of that, Neo, I don't really I haven't heard much for this to be ripping today, unless the market is just like you mentioned, expecting Intel to suck um and A&V to be bullish on that sentiment. Yeah, probably. I mean, I I'm not I'm not I haven't seen I haven't seen anything that there is just a lot of momentum with AMD uh right now. So if it's up for for that reason then I guess after hours should should be fun for them regardless because if Intel reports something good then I guess if Intel can report something good then AMD will report something good as well. If Intel reports something bad which again the bar has been set so low for Intel that I don't I don't see how much worse things can get. That's the thing. I just don't see how much worse things can get. Plus, this is going to be I think is this going to be the first quarter for Li Bhutan on the call or this or just the second? Second. Yeah. Okay. So, second, but now I guess he has way more time. He had way more time to uh to prepare. I feel like this is Yeah. The first one analysts were maybe a little bit um I wouldn't say respect, but respectable, but they understood that it was he was just in there. So, I think they threw him like a lot of um slow balls or soft balls or whatever. And this one is where they're going to really um I think they're going to really attack him and see and try to get questions uh especially as we've kind of heard those rumors with uh 18A and 14A uh more layoffs and stuff like that. Jose, what is your price prediction for Nvidia for 2026? Harsh. I wish I knew. I don't I don't really do much price prediction um just because and I just I I believe Nvidia is definitely going to be a bigger stock than it is right now especially with all this momentum in the AI space. So I continue to hold for the long term of things right harsh I I I typically very rarely do I very rarely not typically I very rarely um do any form of price prediction. It's usually not my type of um style. Yeah. Um, interesting to note is that Intel at the moment is right under the 200 day moving average going into this earnings report. I don't know what the implied volatility is. If somebody can find that out and let us know in the chat, that would be great. But yeah, I don't know. I would be surprised if we if we dump heart after hours. Would be surprised unless it's like a huge huge announcement of a big divestment or or whatever. But I don't think well again I I don't don't know if I don't think because we're going to know in about 20 minutes or so. Um so we'll see. We'll see what happens with uh with that one pretty soon. We're going to cover the earnings report, not the earnings score cuz Jose has to go and I I I don't want to stay up late. So So we're we're going to keep it short today. Neil still needs his rest. Um Neil, I mean maybe we could talk about it later. Um but um tomorrow morning are we are we doing a stream just so maybe the viewers can also know well it'll be a last minute decision for tomorrow. Yeah I mean we we could probably do like a short uh 8:30 to 9:30 or something like that uh stream tomorrow. Yeah. Uh could be good. Uh some question here about Oscar United held you. Um, Oscar released their Oh, it's down 10% today. Nice. Uh, Oscar released their preliminary results. So, revenue came actually in higher than expected for the year. Um, but they now do still expect losses for the full year. Nothing has changed on their midterm guidance, but they'll report the full thing um as expected at the start of August. United Health today did say that um that's why the stock is down 4.6% 6% but I think the whole healthcare sector today is is being uh being crushed a bit but United Health today has uh oh what's happening here ah has said that they are that the DOJ is uh investigating them like under let me let me pull it up um see yeah so under under federal investigation which is something that we've known because this was reported already before there now just at the meeting that they're participating and I mean coordinating with them and basically letting them do what they have to do. Now you're going to say, "Oh, but isn't that a given?" No, the company can say, "You know what? No, we're going to drag this on for many, many years and screw you." So again, for me, it's very clear earnings next week. you'll get your you'll get all of your uh all of your answers in a week from now during the earnings call. Um as for Oscar, we already get the big numbers with the preliminary one. Better than feared. The stock went up, then the stock went down. Pretty uh pretty easy pretty easy there. One last thing from me here. There was a question about Open Door. This is like a reverse Nike sign. This thing was crazy. So, me personally, I already took out my initial investment because I'm not that greedy. Like, it 3xed in a in a week. I'm like, "Thank you very much." But, uh, I'm out of here. Yeah. And now the rest will makes sense. We'll see. We'll see where where this thing goes. Um, but yeah, I I've seen a lot of pumping and and ridiculous ridiculous claims on social media and blah blah blah. like yes, it can be the next Carvana, but the guy Eric Jackson or whatever. He's using some estimates that I've never seen on any website. Um, some claims that nobody has said. Like every time he talks about another company, I catch him making like these small mistakes. So I'm like, okay, maybe he is pumping this because there is a there is a thread that he made that sounded very much like a pump. It's like, oh, I'm creasing my followers and then the idea goes first to the followers and then on social media, I'm like, wait a second, if it sounds like a if it sounds like a pump and it acts like a pump, then it I think it's a pump. Um yeah. Um but uh what else we have? So Neil, I know you you own both these uh back to the health Oscar and and um United uh United Health. If you were to look at one right now and kind of really just hone in on one, which one would you pick over the other? Hm I shortterm probably United just because of the sheer size of that sheer size and importance of that company still I don't know some people think that this company can disappear but I I don't think it will shortterm I think United can rebound fast because it's already down 50 plus% um longer term Oscar because of the size just because the exact opposite because it is smaller and has a high high potential of becoming that uh that multibagger But you need of course uh a long-term view and accept that there is some volatility ahead which which is why it is a small position uh for me. I like the preliminary results like I like the fact that revenue is actually going to come in higher than expected. Okay, losses are bigger but this is something that we've heard from Centine, from Elevation, from United Health. So, I'm I'm not that surprised um that Oscar says the same thing. The medical loss ratio is a bit higher than what they expected, but it's still in the same range as all the others. So, I'm like, okay. I mean, for me, as long as that 2027 guidance doesn't change to the downside that drastically, I'm still good. I'm still good. That's good. Good. Yeah. Uh, and Neil, do we have um how's our applied digital doing? Is that one doing okay? Oh, I see you have PayPal. Let's talk about maybe PayPal. I I I I I missed it, but I heard PayPal was announced uh a little bit. Well, I missed it during the earnings call after I read the transcript. Um, I saw it, but uh Google gave a shout out to PayPal, it seemed, and it apparently a couple of times for the cloud uh for for the cloud side of things, but applied is up 2.5% today. We're at 11.2. I know at the start I think at the start of the week we were a bit No, I think last last Friday were a bit higher bit higher than that but still 11.2. Um so okay not uh I won't complain. Um but PayPal yeah PayPal report next week um before the market opens. Same with Sofi. So I guess on that day we will be live uh in the morning and I might actually invite someone someone as well here. Um Oh my god. Uh for the for the uh fintech for the fintech side of things. You might you might know you might know him. You know Crossroads Roy. Uh you probably seen some um very very nice very nice guy. Um, so he might join us for uh for PayPal. Uh, we'll do PayPal and SoFi and but I think we'll only do PayPal's earning score because of course we cannot do both of them. Um, but yeah, PayPal also announced something pretty big I think over the last couple of days. Um, PayPal World where uh, let me pull it up. Two things actually. Today they announced with Wix an advanced strategic relationship to deliver unified payments experience for merchants. They've also become uh their uh PSP so their payment service provider pro powering card processing capabilities within Wix payments. But the big announcement was um was this uh yeah and I know the market is closed but I'll just finish up with this because I don't think that Intel reports like in a second. This a global platform uh connecting the world's largest payment systems and digital wallets starting with interoperability to this is crazy. The the fact that it took them so long for PayPal and Venmo to like work together is insane. Yeah, it's pretty wild. Um, it's pretty wild. So, I mean, it's it's pretty it's pretty long, but it's uh it's a big deal. So, these are the first payment systems and digital wallets that will launch with uh PayPal World. Ricardo Pago from Marcado Libre. Uh NPCI, that's an Indian uh Indian company. Then, of course, PayPal and Venmo. And then 10pe a global Chinese company because PayPal is one of the only players that can actually play in uh in the Chinese market. Um I'll explain maybe tomorrow a bit a bit more but this is a big big move uh for PayPal and actually the whole payment and and e-commerce uh ecosystem to be honest because this means you can pay with PayPal even places that usually didn't accept PayPal. It's crazy. Um but yeah, anyways, the market is closed. So this is how we're closing right now. Unchanged from Yeah. Yeah. Unchanged from when we started the stream. Usually I only care about the left side. So it's like I say nice, but obviously if you're more in the right side, it kind of sucks. Yeah. But we always only look at the left side, so it doesn't uh so it doesn't matter much. Um let's see if Intel did report something. Something happened. I mean they they they are up 1% after hours which is like a big move for Intel. Yeah, I know. Let me try to see if I see anything. Uh let's see. I think yeah. Okay, it's up. It is Oh, it's up already. Oh, well, that was quick. At least they do one thing, right? I know. Presentation. Yeah. Yeah. Poof. So, let's do this and let's do that. Okay. Now, we're going to look at that first. Okay. All right. Y, you want to do just a comment? Just the the the comment from uh our new friend at the wheel here. Not not the CFO. I don't like that guy that much. Um so our operating performance demonstrates the initial progress we are making to improve our execution and drive greater efficiency. We didn't even look at the numbers which this is like a trailer in going into a movie. We we like hear the narrator. Uh we are laser focused on strengthening our core product portfolio and our AI roadmap to better serve customers. We're also taking the actions needed to build a more financially disciplined foundry. Ah that's good. It's going to take time, but we see clear opportunities to enhance our competitive position, improve our profitability, and create long-term shareholder uh value. Uh, of course, this was announced already couple of month couple of months ago. So, the progress around that, let's actually jump into the and me, I was kind of listen I forgot where I was listening to this podcast. Um but they were talking about the one of the main issues with um Intel manufacturing one of the things that Lee Bhutan wants to do is when you have so many managers right and so many levels of manager if you start off the bottom you say hey look this is bad with this product but these are the good things now whenever you talk to a manager you don't want to say all the bad things you only say a little bit of the bad things and some of the good things and now if you have all these good layer all these layers eventually all the bad things end up away by the time you get to the CEO and you only know about the good things. So kind of reducing that layer is something he wants to do. So you don't get that wash out of bad news uh and you understand what's really happening. So I thought that actually made uh a lot of sense um for for at least a cutting down of hierarchies. Uh and the stock is up about 5% right now. Thank god I'm feeling already much better. Um, okay. So, revenue came in at $12.9 billion. Yeah, that is above the their own. So, that's up.2% year-over-year and $1.1 billion above their April outlook. Okay. I mean, sandbagging uh the sandbag there was was quite obvious, but but the rest here is uh so 29.7% gross margin. That's down 9 percentage points year-over-year and 6.8 8 percentage points below their outlook. Same with EPS. They were expecting zero cents. Basically came in that year at a loss of 10 cents. So not great, but I assume that's because they've taken some hits, restructurings and and what and what not. Um cuz otherwise I don't see why this would happen. like why would you have a $1.1 billion beat in revenue and such a big missing margin and uh and EPS? Um they they'll probably actually they'll probably maybe tell us uh let's see if they told us something in the uh press release. Uh let's see. Dennis is not crazy, but it's not the worst either. So I think that's another excitement here. guidance. Ah, you already you already went for the I went for the end. Yeah, spoiler. Okay, you know what? Let's just go to the end. Um, okay. So, continued growth. That's good. Uh, plus, yeah. Okay. EPS, gross margins back up. Yeah, gross margins back up. EPS still zero. So, basically what it was supposed to be this quarter, but yeah, revenue 12.6 6 to 13.6 billion. Still down year-over-year, but quarter over quarter, we continue to see some uh some growth there. Now, let's actually have a look to the through the segment. So, we have the Intel business generating $12.9 billion. Gross margin is down. So, let's see. Yeah, operating income loss obviously a loss here. So, durable demand within our two largest markets. action taken to streamline the company focused on improving execution and profitability. So I I assume that here again just like in Q3 2024 it's those one-time charges that uh that basically killed this one off. Um because they do say here that gap gross margin for Q2 2024 which is uh this one right here was 35.4 Q3 was 15 Q4 39.2 2 Q1 uh 36.9 and Q2 which is this one 27.5 uh gap operating income which in this case our losses is 3.2 on a GAP basis. These numbers by the way are non-GAAP um for those that that don't know that's how bad things are um at the moment. at the moment. So, yeah. So, right here I'm I'm I'm reading real quick, Neil. It says Intel recognized approximately 800 million of non-cash impairment and accelerated depreciation charges related to excess tools with no identify reuse and approximately 200 million of one-time period cost in the second quarter of 2025. these charges reduced both GAAP and non-GAAP gross margins by approximately uh 8 percentage points. Uh so so that was the the biggest hit there. Um and and I guess this is some those tools that kind of were talked about maybe for the ETA. Uh I don't I don't think so. I don't think so. But uh it there are some tools that they they can't um they they have to write off and probably we're going to get more more update. Yeah. Under the earnings call. So EPS would have been 10 cents on a non-GAAP basis if you no or is this wait so non-GAAP EPS is impacted here by by 20 cents to add 20 cents to it. Yeah. So we're we're now at a loss of 10 cents. So yeah, 10 cents of of EPS would have been okay. Not bad. Mhm. I mean, not bad. Much better. It's 10 cents better than what they expected. So, okay. Yeah. I I wonder that's one thing that's going to come from the earning squad. Would love to hear what are the tools they wrote off cuz there there's some discussions that it had to do with 18A, but in my mind, Neil, I can't see the tools for 18 not being used for 14A or for some of the other nodes. I wonder if it might be some of the um more mature nodes. So, I would love to hear um what were those tools there. Yeah. No, I agree. Yeah, because obviously it's not going to be the the ASML machinery that they finally decided to buy a couple of years ago after years and years of not wanting to buy uh ASML machine, which you know that that's that's something that I would never understand because if you go back many many years, Intel actually invested in ASML and for some strange reason they didn't want to buy the machines from ASML to actually have advanced technologies. It's I don't know was so it's it was such a mismanaged business it's insane insane. Um anyways Intel products you split it up into two categories. Consumer on the left here uh DC AI which is not the DC universe but data center and AI uh side of things. So still I mean it's still quite a big business. It's $7.9 billion in revenue, 26.1% operating margin. Okay, that's not great, but yeah, I mean, $2.1 billion. Still okay. I mean, okay, could have been better, but it's still it's still decent amount still decent amount of money here. As for the data center side, down quarter over quarter up a little bit year-over-year, but operating margin here continues to improve. I mean, we're not 16.1% for that. That's pretty good. So, if we can see this continue, that's not bad at all. That's not bad at all. As they say, strengthen host nodes for AI servers and storage compute as the 6 continues to ramp. I mean, I like what I'm seeing here on on the right for sure. Would have loved if it went up a little bit more, right? But compared to it's doing way better than when it did some revenues in quarter 3 of 2024 and even quarter 4. You're you're already getting more uh uh segment uh um operations there. I I do know that Intel is the choice of Nvidia's B300 platform, which is their TGX server that uses x86 um CPUs, and that's something they talk about in their press release. And kind of seeing these numbers improve in margins, still maybe kind of showcase that while AMD is still a threat now, it's not really an extreme pricing war. Maybe they don't have to do it at a complete um at a complete discount. Maybe they can do a little bit more pricier. Obviously, might still be cheaper than AMD. We don't know the actual uh the actual battle there, but at least the pricing is getting better and might be talking about some competitive nature being built back up. Yeah, I do because yesterday there was that uh event right for the White House, the AI something something and they talked about Foundry and bringing things back to United States and Intel was not mentioned there. Do you think Intel was not mentioned there? Anyone from Intel was wasn't there because they report earnings today and they talk about this during the earnings call or I mean cuz cuz it's a pretty big deal. No. Yeah. I I mean I I haven't that's one of the things I have to watch. There's a lot of there's a 25page PDF uh file. Um and there's the uh a few videos in the all-in channel that I have to now watch uh to understand what's happening here. But it did talk that they it's building one of the key aspects was building manufacturing back into the United States. So I'm actually shocked. I didn't know Intel wasn't there. I'm actually shocked uh they weren't there. Uh but again, you it could be true, right, Neil? It could be because earnings um are today and and Lee Bhutan just has to focus on earnings instead. Yeah. No, I mean not just him, like anyone from Intel's team what wasn't there or didn't even talk. So maybe yeah, maybe I mean I guess I guess we'll have to to listen to the earnings call later and we'll talk about it tomorrow. Um Intel Foundry people forget but Intel Foundry is is I mean a what is it? 17 billion dollar business. It's not a small business like $17 billion is for Intel Foundry is half of AMD's business at the moment. I think um of course it's not as profitable but revenue-wise it's half of an AMD business for Intel Foundry. Losses have increased this quarter which okay not great. They see her steady progress on Intel 18A uh Intel 18A production waivers uh wafers started in Arizona and scale advanced packaging offerings. Okay. But we do do want to hear more about the progress and customers etc etc. That's information that's information for for the earnings call. But yeah, to to me I was I mean I'm I'm always surprised when people say oh Intel Foundry is a nothing is a nothing burger. It's a $17 billion nothing burger. It's not bad. Yeah. I mean obviously if they didn't have this TSM would be making a lot of money off of Intel. So Intel's Foundry is is pretty much doing so well already with that internal with their internal customer. Um, and I I get a lot of people also, Neil, kind of complaining about 18A, but Intel, I think from the beginning mentioned that 18A was always going was when they designed it, it was designed as an internal product. So, they were going to have some customers on 18A. Their first true external product uh was going to be 14A. Now, the reason 18A is very important is because it's going to be the first time we see Intel with an internal manufacturing on such an advanced node. Uh, so that's why I think Intel 18A is super bullish. I don't think it has to be one that's going to win all these customers. I think that's what 14A is, but it's more of just that indication of that kind of solution and that Intel can showcase. Look, we can design some advanced manufacturing. They're going to want to join us for 14A. Uh, the other thing is their advanced packaging solutions. I think that's going to be that's a massive uh opportunity for them that many people don't talk about. I think they they do really they they're really known for some of their advanced packaging techniques and uh with the way the AI market is moving right now, I think advanced packaging is going to be um we're going to see some nice revenue growth coming from that. Yeah, I mean the the messaging is probably going to be important in the call messaging. I mean Lihutan has been pretty clear and pretty good. So I I have some confidence in this guy um making sure that the analysts know where Intel is going. is not the guy that will BS his way through an earnings call. Um, so I'm pretty excited to listen to that. Uh, I think tomorrow but not later. Um, as for the other segments here, Don wants to know earnings is call is later today, Don. Um, and then just uh Josh wants to let us know that Deckers is up 17% after hours. Seems like the shoe game uh industry is still still running hot. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, not surprised. Not surprised. probably Hoka is doing uh quite quite well. Um did Mobilei cuz usually Mobileilai reports in the morning and and Intel reports in the afternoon. So I assume they reported. Yeah, I think Mobilei did report this morning. I haven't I haven't looked at it. Um but yeah, they usually report on the same day. Let's actually see what it did today. Uh was actually down 4.2%. Hm. Surprising surprising. Um, but some people commented in the chat about some things that were mentioned in the in the earnings release. Um, so let's see. Let's see. Yeah, it's that one right there. Improving capital efficiency. Sentence two or one. No, sentence two. As part of this effort, Intel will no longer move forward with planned projects in Germany and Poland. Um, but wasn't this not already? I originally knew I think they just kind of delayed it. I don't think they truly had canceled it. They they they said they were working and and I think in Germany they were really more waiting for um see if the government was going to give them more support uh funding or something or or like kind of tax credits and stuff like that. I think in this. Oh wow. Of the That's interesting. That's interesting. Yeah. But it makes sense like when you commit like a hundred billion dollars of investments and you're only getting $8 billion from the government and then all you hear is like we want to bring manufacturing back. Want to bring manufacturing back. I mean, okay, if you don't want to give us a helping hand, then yeah, we are going to slow this down because we are still a publicly traded company and we're not going to like throw money into a furnace. Yeah, I mean I I I completely understand the Germany and Poland. I think especially Germany was going to be more of like mature nodes that that was going to focus on kind of uh um like the vehicle the automotive market. I'm a little bit surprised with the Ohio one because we do continue to see this vast demand of um AI solutions. Uh so this to me tells me, Neil, I would kind of indicate that they're not confident that their products are going to get the type of demand that they that the AI market is seeing in general. Um, so it makes sense in a financial standpoint, but then it also tells me that they're not confident for their at least technological um, progress maybe in some of the manufacturing nodes there. Yeah. No, I agree. I agree. We also have here some info on the cuts. uh Intel plans to end the year with a core workforce of about 75,000 employees as a result of workforce reduction and attrition. So 75,000 how much were they what at 108,000 before or was that already reduced a little bit? I think it was already reduced, but they were closer to I saw someone post it, I think on on on X, so I think it was closer to like 90. Um, okay. So, still quite still. Yeah, still massive amount of cuts there. Um Um, and and Neil, sorry, I kind of mentioned maybe what I thought that slowing in the Ohio plant was kind of like a yellow flag. Um I I don't want to take it back, but now that's going to be a question during the earnings call that I would love an analyst to ask like what segments were slowed down. Was it a segment that was expected to be focused on advanced manufacturing? Was it a segment that was expected to focus more on mature nodes? So I would love if management gives us a better picture of where they're seeing the lack of demand. If it's if it's just a more mature nodes, I really wouldn't be too worried if I was a Intel investor. If it was more of an advanced node, maybe maybe I would put that in the yellow flag. Yeah. No, good point. Good point. And actually uh they have according to them 101.4,000 employees at the end of uh June. So that's a 25,000 cut for the for the rest of the year. Oh, that's wild. Yeah, because a year ago I mean that means that from a year ago until this end of the year they would have cut 50,000 jobs 50 um including of course the NAND business which they sold um to SK Hindings but uh TSM has 53,000 employees H not bad not bad but I I again, I don't think Intel needs 100,000 employees. Yeah, that that that's TSMC actually hiring up to 100. So, I mean, yeah, it just kind of showcase um what Sabrina I think Sabrina show that um it's weird two players in the same space are kind of going different directions. Um and it is something to consider what why is it happening? Um and is this just TSM doesn't have TSM chips going in like yes it has TSM made chips but Intel still has the other side of Intel to take care of. Yeah. So that's true different type of focus. Yeah. So I think that's the hard thing about Intel, right? You can't just compare it. You can't compare it to AMD. You can't compare it to TSM because there has to be there's some changes happening within uh within uh both of them. Um but yeah, I think the earnings call is going to be fun. I I think it's going to be pretty fun. Uh yeah. Not for sure. I think we're going to get some crucial some crucial info and I don't know the if the stock is still up or not, but the stock will definitely move after the or during the call for sure. Uh Intel should cut even more. I don't I don't think they should cut even more cuz again like I said, Intel has two businesses basically, a foundry business and a and a chip design business. and like you need a big amount of uh not 125,000 amount but I think 75 brings them um I think I've showed this in the past. I'll try and and and see if I can pull it up here again the difference between an uh an AMD Nvidia and Intel employee wise. Uh let's see. Yeah. And and I think uh Seba I I agree with uh here it's like with a lot of things that are happening I would just love more context behind it. Why are you slowing down Ohio? Why are you cutting some of these plants? Why did you have to write off some of this inventory? uh like we got that but I I think the why can help us really understand um because on a top level it might seem bearish but the real reason behind it might just be a nothing burger or it might just be uh it might even actually be seen as a bullish take if we really get to understand the reason behind it. So I hope a lot of analysts at least try to build some context behind this if not those analysts need to do their jobs better. Correct. Correct. Um, so as for the last reported number, Intel had 108.9,000. We know that that's a little bit um a little bit less than that. And they're going to they're going to be at 75. Okay, they're going to be at 75 the end of the year. Nvidia 36,000 at the end of uh fiscal. Well, let's do quarterly if we can get quarterly. No, it's only on annual basis. Okay, on annual basis. Nvidia ended at 36, probably a little bit more than that. Uh, and AMD also a bit more than that, 28,000 with the acquisitions of of ZT systems as well. So, you add a little bit more. So, basically, if you add them up together, uh, the it will be as if they have the same amount of employees as Intel at the end of the year. Uh, probably around around that number, which is which is quite crazy. But like you mentioned, right, they have to worry about TSM. So in theory you should take like right you add TSM and you add it to this and this is what a potential intel should be. Um but it is crazy. I mean, Neil, this is going back till 2017, and you're still going to have less workers than since then, right? Cuz you're going to bring in at 75,000 in in in all this. That's a real trend. This here you can see the mistake. Mhm. Going from 110 to 110, let's call it 32,000 in That is wild. in two years when yeah your business is in decline. What type of idiot does this? Well, I mean they thought here in 2020 right Neil you kind of if you had kind of the uh that co rush and and PCs were selling off like hot tamales. Um so I think they were like ah let's increase the sales people. Um and and that's what we saw with I think a lot of companies. I think a lot of like your fintech a lot of your e-commerce. Um you saw massive growth in employees in 2020, 2021, 2022. Um and then what Mark Zuckerberg deemed the era of greater efficiency or the the year of efficiency, you started to see those cuts happening. Um yes, but for companies that increased sales, this made sense. Not for company that saw its business decline. Um very true. Very true. Very true. I mean people people think that Intel started to be a bad business when the stock started to decline. Intel was a bad business already already here like in 2019 in 2020 it already lost to uh to AMD for example the signs of it losing were only shown a couple of years later which you can you can clearly see when I don't want to show you what the heck how do you have so many things Neil I know I like to look at a lot of things well don't sue me um where is this buff So revenue peaked in 2021. Okay, revenue peaked in 2021. Free cash flow peaked here in 2020. Uh but the the business they they forgot to innovate. Good call. They they forgot to innovate already here 2018, 2019. They they forgot they they didn't even think about AI, nothing. AMD, Nvidia were already working towards the next thing, right? Again, this is the chip game. This is not, oh, I want to design a whatever a new bottle and and the next month you have a new bottle. No, chips take time to design, to manufact, to make, to to deploy and everything. You lose the game here, not here. Here, here it's game over. Here it's like it's game over. Thank you very much. And then D waterfall. This is what has happened. Um, so every time I hear like people, oh, it's because of Pat's plan. No, it's not because of Pat. Pat came in. Pat's plan really good. I thought his plan was good. Yeah, Pat is the reason this is not split in half. Yeah. Um, or actually Pat is the reason this is still exist, I think. Um, because if they continued with what they had, it would have gone to zero or probably be acquired by a Broadcom or a Qualcomm. um to be honest. But yeah, this is basically my uh my rant around around my uh blue my blue guy. Um it's flat. Is it is it flat? Um seems like I have a question. For some reason, I can't see it on on the chat to pull it up, but it's on my chat here. Um, Roberto wanted to ask, "What is what is it that Intel has to actually do to turn it around uh to kind of stop losing market share to AMD? Is it because they haven't executed in latest product?" Oh, you you see it? I couldn't see it. Um, so thank you for showing that up. I see. Um, and Waldo, repost the question. I I I I missed it. So, feel free to just repost it. Um, what do you think has to happen, Neil? um for for them uh cuz unfortunately for this company they have said that they've lost their technological leadership in chip design. Uh and one way to turn it around is they're doing both internal manufacturing and external manufacturing. They're using TSM. Um now we have seen that it takes some time for customers to change that process. It it's it's not like a GPU that you need to at least now where you need to buy every year. You can you can buy a new CPU every four years or so. I believe that's what they mentioned their enterprise. So even if you have that greater product, it has to match with the kind of turnaround the the purchasing story of these companies as well. Um, so I think it just takes time for them to if they have a a lead product, it doesn't sell off right off the shelves off the bat. You it takes time for the market to adopt it. Uh, because there's no rush to kind of change CPUs usually. Uh, there's not much of a generational leap. Uh and then with the manufacturing um I think 14A which is still not out yet still in in kind of um research and development that one needs to attract um external customers. So I think there's it's not impossible. Um but I still think the turnaround story for Intel might take some time. Yeah, I guess it's I mean it's about trust. They they keep saying that they have to listen to the customers, see what the customer wants, not say, "Oh, this is Intel. We know what's best for you." Now, uh this was maybe true 10 years ago, not not anymore. They know that Intel is customer zero. So, if it's not good enough for Intel, then what's the point? Like if Intel is struggling to sell their own products, why would an external one start being a customer from Intel and have like not that good of a product even if the price is cheaper? It's not the time here to be cheap. Um it's the time to have the best product out there. The moment Intel can show and I think there are some early sign that 18A is that start of a of a new thing of a new thing coming. the moment that they can show it then I I guess that's that's the start of a turnaround story. losing share to AMD. I mean market is pretty big like we said right? Market is pretty big again when you when we talk about losing share to AMD is it on is it enterprise because enterprise I think Intel is still pretty strong. uh is it is it server side is it client side of things remains to be seen but if they can figure out the foundry side of things then it it wouldn't even matter like even if you stay status quo with AMD AMD has now let's say taken over having a successful foundaries is the money-making machine here um doesn't mean that the other side of Intel shouldn't be shouldn't work but I think having a success uccessful foundry is what they're going after. Um because a successful foundry probably also means that whatever is coming out of that foundry is a good product which means that Intel can use that product which means that the other side of the business should be doing should be doing better. So yeah, I I do hope that Foundry is a is a big focus uh for them and I guess we'll see back half of the year is is the time to shine for 18. Definitely. Neil, um we have another question here. I don't know if you um Waldo mentions that yesterday he uh Waldo sold let me see he sold Micron, Archer and GitLab and went all into buying Google. Um I mean I don't I would say one side I I wouldn't be mad right in in in a scenario like that. I think Google is more like that safer play uh that has uh I mean I wouldn't say Google's uh for sure thing but it's one of the closest for sure things that I see in the market right now. Um I think the other ones come with more risk. Uh your micron your archery and gab come with more risk but the market is what is this? It's not a the no free lunch theorem. If it comes with more risk it means it has more reward. Um, and and I think that's what you just I don't want to say give up, but um you gave up more riskier plays that had more growth opportunities for a nice safer play, which I still believe can still outperform the market, but maybe not to the levels that maybe one of those players could do if they really do what they want to do. If that makes sense. No, that uh makes sense. I mean, setting micro I mean archer. Okay, it's more speculative play. Gitlab, it also went down. It's probably value. I mean, it's not cheap, so maybe not value, but I can see the appeal, but yeah, Google is Google. So, Mhm. not won't complain. We did talk a little bit about that. Hanings reported before the market like in the morning, morning, afternoon in South Korea. So, uh, Micron was already up on the day because of it. Uh, yeah. and SSB. I know uh I I have it on on on my channel later um if you want to check it out. I I covered um SKH Highix a little bit there, but uh just what Neil mentioned, I think it was just very bullish uh for uh the memory space. Yeah. No, for sure. For sure. Uh let's see. Maybe not the best time to ask. There's no best or not best time to ask. Uh, how do you think PayPal world announcement can affect smaller companies like the local? Uh, I know the local could also No, I have to think about that. I have to think about that one. I'm just I don't want to give just an answer to give an answer. So, let ask me ask me this question. Maybe tomorrow. Um maybe tomorrow would be would be better for uh for a PayPal and and maybe some other some other companies as well. Anything else that happened uh this week that I uh probably missed uh that you missed? I don't think so. Neo I mean we had some in I think the big earnings were just Google and Tesla um that we had already. I don't think there was anything else as a big um tech investor. We did have I don't know if you were alive at the moment when um OpenAI announced that they are increasing their um what they what they're increasing uh that that partnership with Oracle adding an extra 4.5 gawatts of capacity um with with Oracle. That's another thing that happened. Then you also had uh Elon Musk announced that he was building uh that GB300 uh system uh for Colossus 2 um with I think he mentioned uh I forget how big that system was but uh I think those were the two biggest tech news and then you had some in and out non-popular semiconductor stocks. Texas Instrument reported earnings. I think the stock was down about 8%. Um, you had NXP report earnings and you had a lot of other very niche names. Uh, Bessie, Be Semiconductor, uh, report earnings. SK Highix reported earnings. Um, well, yeah. Anything crazy? Not that I can remember. All I remember is Google earnings yesterday. Yeah, I guess that's the most important part. I guess that's the most important part. Um, I mean, if if I wanted to if I wanted to fall asleep, maybe if I want to fall asleep very fast tonight, I might have a listen uh at Tesla's earnings call again. It's always a good one to fall asleep, too. Um, let's see. Why is Oscar trading like a fart coin? I mean, I'm still waiting for it to go up a,000%. So yeah, if that if that happens, uh, let me know. Let me know. I think Intel might be down a little bit. Yeah, now it's down. So, Intel is treated like um let's see what I don't actually I want let's go back to seeing what has happened with with some other stocks at the in the day. Uh so, OK was up the most on our uh on our watch list here 11.38%. I don't know what uh what was said there, but okay. AMD up 2%, apply digital 2.4, SD 1.9, but someone told Yeah, someone told me that it crashed. I think they pro probably used the high stock price to raise some uh to raise some money, which makes total sense. I I% right now. Yeah, I highly suggest every one of those non-money-making companies to start using their high stock price to actually uh assemble assemble some money. Um because it it makes it makes sense. Yeah, they did a private offering um of $500 million of convertible senior nodes to 2032. Makes total sense. Um I think someone else compared United Health to Meta. I I don't think I know because I commented under that post. What did you say? You're like, "You're so smart. You're the greatest." I don't even know who was it. No, I said it's apples to oranges. Meta's free cash flow was disappearing because they were throwing money at the metaverse and AI. And once they stopped doing that, suddenly the core business started to shine. It's not something that's happening with United Health. So, not everything is a meta 2022 cuz I've been seeing these metas 2022 post. Yeah. For the last two years now. I'm like there is no like that there is no meta 2022. Oh, I know another cool thing. Uh talking about uh I think you were talking about farcoins. Um you you always make fun of me for air air test air test uh technology. They reported that they got um some customer in their AI market um AI AI burning test um look at it farcoin 101 right um uh did did announce that they're ordering more of their AI accelerator burning test machine um almost double since the drop after earnings earnings yeah um so pretty interesting there I think the the customer there the way they're discussing they mentioned it's a big cloud server provider that's building AS6 solutions Um, I don't know why I think it might be I don't want to speculate. I speculated in my video. Um, maybe, but overall, I mean, it's still a small company. I think it's less than a billion dollars and they're growing into this AI accelerated burnin and other type of opportunities. It's heavy risk. I definitely wouldn't even touch the stock right now. Um, but I do remember that was kind of a nice bullish sentiment that happened with air test system. Yeah, I mean that's a we not bad not bad. What's Marll doing? Still still consolidating here. Still consolidating. Um has earnings soon, right? Is that next week? I can't speak about it. I It's okay. I I I hope I I'm going to be extreme quiet period. It I'm going to be extremely bullish on it. So hopefully earnings is something that can give me an opportunity to enter. Yeah. So this earnings date is uh false. Um huh. Interesting. Let's see. Uh let's see when they report for investors. Yes, for investors. So, they reported May 20. So, I I assume end of August, like 3 months later. All right. Yeah, cuz I I don't know why I was I I I felt like people were discussing that this was Yeah, because it's always like three months ago. three months ago in uh yeah, you know, two and a half months ago. It was the same thing. People thought it was oh, it was supposed to be last Friday. I'm like, no, just nobody updates their systems since Nebus came back on the market. And that's why just take the last day, add 3 months, and you'll get an approximate an approximate date. So, last time was May 20. just add three months and and that's the week they'll probably they'll probably report unless Neil's back to being a grumpy old man so I think he's feeling 100% better already. Get your stuff together at three months and that's it people. Yes, because it is that simple. It is that simple. I don't know. You would think AI would have fixed this issue. Bearish on AI now. You would think humans would would be smarter. But uh I tell you having four days of just being in bed, no technology, nothing is very good. Is very good. Um let's see. Neil, u we got Steel Gaming here. Um thoughts on Intel right now? I mean, you you own the stock. Obviously, we haven't heard the earnings coin. I think the earnings call is going to provide a lot more um context to a lot of the things. But what are your raw thoughts on at least the presentation uh and the press release right now? uh as expected like I said uh before before they even released it it's the bar has been set so low for Intel that okay revenue beat then yeah margin and EPS miss but that's because of those those one-time charges let's call them so it's all about the earnings call and the commentary because again the report tells us what has happened 3 months ago guidance looks fine right guidance looks fine uh revenue wise. I don't actually let's if you can if you can find also maybe if someone has the estimates like what the market was expecting guidance to be and maybe we can see if it's a miss or not but guidance shows that um revenue is expected to be up quarter over quarter which is still good. Uh but I do wonder we do have maybe a little clip here that we can play. Uh, but let's see if I can find if someone has the don't I don't see anyone having the uh, but let's see what this dude has to say. President and chief an analyst at Technalysis Research. Bob Intel reports the stock is popping here in the after hours. What do you make of these results? Well, you know, as you guys were just discussing, I mean, look, the revenue numbers for this quarter were higher than expected and most importantly, of course, the forecast uh was higher. I mean, look, there have been challenges. I understand the point that you guys were just discussing. Intel does, I believe, really want to be both a chipmaker and a chip designer, and they really are trying to figure out that path. Look, Lipu's only been in there for a quarter. The kind of changes they need to make are more than a quarter long, right? I mean, this is a multi-quarter, realistically probably multi-year kind of complete turnaround story before all the benefits start to show up. Couple interesting things. Let me ask you, Bob, just just to stop you there because I I think you're touching on an important point and I I have lots of questions on on the metrics of this print, Bob, and we'll get into that, but you're you're touching an important point, which I I do think there is this this broader question out there, Bob, about what Intel is going to be. You know, what is the game plan here? What is the strategy, Bob? We were talking earlier to our colleague Dan Howie about this, how how honestly, Bob, we we really don't talk about Intel that much on the show. We talk about Nvidia, AMD, Broadcom, Micron. It feels like Intel is not in the conversation. So, so what is the game plan here moving forward? Well, look, the game plan is they're going to focus obviously on x86, which let's not forget, I mean, there's still a lot of several hundred million PCs get sold every year. Lots of servers get sold every year. Intel owns the vast majority of the CPUs in those systems. And even in the Nvidia, you know, the big stacks up at the top of the rack, there's an Intel Xeon uh CPU in there. Now, as a percentage of the total bomb, it's still pretty small now, but it's still there is the point. So, you're going to see them build their own products, sell their own products. You're going to see them um uh start to try and build more products for other people. That's the foundry side of the business. You know, the way this thing was constructed, the reason why it's been such a challenge is they were so intertwined the you know, making for themselves versus trying to make for other people. And so now, as they tear those pieces apart, it's been painful, right? Clearly, it's been a big challenge for them to try and clarify all of that. Um, and a quick glance at the numbers, you know, they talk about intersegment elimination. That's, you know, when Intel sells the stuff they make to themselves, right? They have to pull that out of the uh discussion. And ever since they've kind of split off the foundry business, that's been part of the situation. They're focusing clearly now on 14A uh for external customers. 18A is likely going to be mostly Intel, maybe a little bit of some of the things they announced in the past, Microsoft, Amazon, I think a little bit of DoD stuff as well. But the big focus for future customers is 14A, which is still coming. So again, back to what I said earlier, I I think this is still a longer term story and in the interim, they have this difficult situation where they got to crank out as much x86 as they can. You know, get that PC market renewed again, get themselves stronger back in the server business. They're shedding a lot of the other businesses. You know, they just shed their automotive business. Um they sold off some of the mobile eye, still the majority owner in mobile, so they have their hands in it to some degree, but you know, they're focusing on their core. They're trying to figure out a better AI strategy, not with a GPU because, you know, Lip Booz said, "Hey, look, we're not sure we can play that game." But there's a lot of AI work that's done on CPUs. A lot of it has to do with software. Intel actually is a stronger software story than a lot of people realize as well in terms of the nuts and bolts types of software that makes this stuff work. When it comes to that PC business, Bob, I'm just curious. Do you think we could be seeing, you know, any kind of tariff related pull in there? What what do you think the trend looks like ahead? You know, I tariff calls are impossible to make these days honestly Josh. Um, so and we there was some argument that that happened this past quarter. Maybe it'll happen again next quarter. Uh, it's really hard to say. The bottom line is, you know, people are refreshing their PCs. We are starting to see the integration of new systems with NPUs built in them. You know, initially we saw Qualcomm do that with their Snapdragon uh X Elites uh with an ARM processor. Now we've got Intel doing that. They've got a stronger MPU. AMD is doing that as well. Microsoft is pushing this. You know, so I think we will start to see a bigger corporate refresh. Not to mention, oh, by the way, the end of support for Windows 10. That's a huge deal. All of these things, I think, help drive the story around a renewed PC business, which Intel still owns the majority of, and so they would get the the most benefit from it. Look, it's not going to be easy. Clearly, it's going to be a longer term story, but I think they're trying to put the pieces in place and I feel like Lip Boo's, you know, got a strategy in hand and he's trying to make it work. Final question, Bob. Just switching gears a bit on you here. Uh, big tech capex. Bob, you saw that what Alphabet just forecast, right? Wow, that was an impressive number. We'll see what you know, Microsoft, Meta, Amazon, what they have to say. What are the chip names, Bob, that you think are poised to benefit from that trend going forward? Well, obviously Nvidia is going to be the biggest one, as you guys were just talking about, right? I mean, look, that's that's the easy bet because, you know, all these companies are spending they've already committed or announced these huge commitments and the vast majority of that, of course, is going to go to Nvidia. There's going to be other folks, right? I mean, there's there's the memory makers, there's the microns of the worlds, there's the folks who help design the chips that do that, like a LAM research. You've got cadence of the EDA guy. I mean, there's a big trickle down in semiconductors. There always has been. And we'll we'll start to see all that because we will see a lot more AI infrastructure being built. Uh, and there's a lot of potential plays there. Eventually, we get to energy, right? I mean, people are talking about small modular reactors and all this crazy stuff to power all this AI infrastructure. So, you know, I think those there's a number of places where it goes, but clearly Nvidia and then AMD, sorry, I should have mentioned them too as well, right? AMD is clearly the strong number two there. Um, you know, Intel's a smaller player there. Qualcomm's a smaller player in terms of the data center. Both are stronger in client. So, lots of different places to think about it when we talk about AI for the long term. Bob, hey, you're muted or maybe my microphone. No, no. Pretty good analyst. I have to say uh not not bad. Um yeah, at first I was I I was kind of I don't know. I was like who is this guy? But he wasn't that bad. Um yeah know I shared some good comments and I actually I didn't think about that but I thank you for for the comment. Um but yeah tariff the tariff story. So maybe maybe we are seeing like a increase in revenue. Yeah exactly. um which which would make sense and again we'll probably get all of the answers um during the earnings call. earning score starts around in 8 minutes. So, probably 10 minutes or so, but you can go and listen in 8 minutes if you want that lobby music, which is probably going to be horrible, but uh yeah, know some good some good commentary. Talked about Micron, talked about L research, of course, AMD gets a mention there as well. Um and so, yeah, pretty good. You have to go. I want to go as well. We will be back tomorrow for a shorter stream. will probably touch on the uh on the comments from the earnings call and touch on comments from any other uh company as well. For example, also Figma, $16 billion is what they're looking for. So, not the $20 billion that Adobe wanted to um to pay for which which makes this uh quite interesting because we can maybe play with what what with with that as well. But yeah, thank you all for joining. We are officially back. Although I do look like a ghost, but yeah, I will get better over time. See you all uh tomorrow