Good. Good morning everyone and welcome back to the breakfast show with myself and Jose and we will do the old switcheroo voila old switcheroo the old switcheroo hopefully everyone is having a wonderful morning afternoon um we're going to talk a little bit about what has happened yesterday talking about the stocks that are going up today for obvious reasons and then maybe a quick uh quick preview of Amazon Apple um Figma is also going public today but I don't think it's right at the open as always. I think uh probably a couple of hours later. So yeah, good morning. Yeah, good morning Neil. Just first just want to say got good morning. Wait, that's you. So I don't want to say good morning to you. Uh good morning to Joseph. Good morning to Manuel, Terry, um and everybody else joining us. Appreciate you guys joining us. Hopefully we have a good day today. Right now things look really nice. Um, yeah, Neil, I mean, we we listened to the earnings call yesterday. I actually had to go and do kind of like a double take on some of these big earnings uh to see if I missed anything to see if anything else got my attention. Um, and yeah, this market's pretty exciting. I saw like Roblox I think was up today. They reported earnings and not a stock we covered, but just kind of the sentiment of the market right now. um Roblox reported earnings and it's like up double digits uh percentage points. So um um a lot of excitement happening in the market. Is this something I should be worried about? I don't know. I I'll I'll have at least a few hours of enjoyment right now before I start to to maybe put some some worries. Let me en I'm going to enjoy it for for at least a few hours. I mean Roblox is one of the only ones with Nintendo. one of the only actually uh gaming stocks that have outperformed the market. Yeah. So, wa it's up 18% pre pre-market. It's already up 112% year to date, by the way. Um so, Roblox absolutely absolutely killing it. Uh we do have some macro data that just came out um for those that are interested. We have some uh some jobless claims and then whatnot. So let's quickly touch on that and then move to the to the companies. Um so US continuing jobless claims rise 1.946 million versus an estimated 1.96. Um so a bit a bit higher. Jobless claims rise to 218,000. Estimated number was 222 and the previous number was 217. Uh let's see Q2 unemployment cost index not that important. Okay core PCE did rise 2.8% estimated number was 2.7 previous number was 2.8 so coming in a little bit higher a little bit higher than expected. Um this is the preferred metric for uh drone power. Although it doesn't seem like they they they actually care about preferred metrics nowadays. I'm there waiting for more data. And so right now pre-market Dow Jones up. Yeah, we're up. I mean, we're going up and up and up. NASDAQ up point uh 1.31%. I mean, makes sense when uh when the tech companies are uh going higher and higher. Uh as for the Euro dollar, 1.14 for those that are interested in that, I think Meta is still up what 10 11.4. Wow. Not too bad. Not too bad. So, uh, a couple of, uh, yeah, a couple of interesting things happening. I mean, it's people might say that the market is stretched, but when you when you listen to what these companies have reported yesterday, especially the two big ones. Um, of course, there was ARM and and Qualcomm reporting as well. Maybe we'll touch a little bit on those two, but it doesn't seem like it's so stretched, right? When when you listen to Microsoft and listen to Meta and you look at their numbers. Yeah. And and and the other thing, Neil, right, like you mentioned, is all these companies are talking about the innovations of AI. So, if we might have the market doesn't go up on a straight line, right? It it doesn't. And there there's always a stretch of maybe excitement and a stretch of maybe um non-exitement. I don't know, fear or whatever, depression, whatever you want to call it. Um but right now in the AI space, it I feel like if you look at it in the timeline, the trend is still upwards. So I'm not here going to try to time it. There might be certain stocks that we talked about in the past that maybe I might try to trim out of just because um valuations on those as have been multi-baggers like again the perfect example for me was coreweave. Um maybe some of my yolo plays in times like this I might start to like you know what maybe I'm not in the yolo mentality anymore. Maybe I start to to sell off those. So if I trim or I saw there was a question uh trim a fear it's most likely those the ones those multibaggers that um done it really quickly. any of those yellow bets we have maybe build up a bit of cash but um in core positions even if we might see some dips the long-term tailwind is still there for the AI market. I mean it it it's crazy to think about Neil but Microsoft yesterday I I said in quarter one just in quarter one they expect to do $30 billion in capital expenditure just I at first I I heard the first half I was like okay that's not too crazy it's not too bad in one quarter they're expecting to do 30 billion. Now you can multiply it by four and I it's going to give you 120 billion. I don't think they're going to get to 120 billion in in in in capex as it's it's very uh fluctuate but I believe they're going to hit a 100 billion capital expenditure year. That is wild from one company and I do believe a lot of that is going to go to AI servers meta platforms yesterday they mentioned that they're around the midpoint is somewhere around $70 billion in capex uh for this fiscal year. They grew about 30 billion from last year and they mentioned that for fiscal year of 2026 they expect similar type of monetary growth. So another 30 billion that you're telling me that now two big players are expected to have near hundred billion in capital expenditure for next year. And you want me to be a little bit worried about valuations in the short term of things? I'm like obviously it could be a little bit extended in the short term but I think the long-term tailwind is still pretty much intact. I agree. I agree. I mean, we talked a little bit about that yesterday. You're going to need a lot of energy and so we talk about all of the energy players and the infrastructure players, the applied digital, the irons and and all of that. I think it's going again and Vertive of course Vertive reported I think yeah yesterday morning. Um it's it's all of it will take time like you're not building out these these uh huge huge infrastructures and data centers in a month or in a quarter. It's going to take a long long time. Um I mean I'd be surprised if you can spend $100 billion in a year. I mean that and and things like poof we have now a new data center done. It takes time. Uh it takes time. You have so many components, so many players that it's it's very very difficult when you think about it. When you build a huge data center, imagine how many components and how many players are included in such a project. And every single one of them has to be on time. Like one is late, the other one will be delayed and then if this one is delayed and the other one is delayed and just a domino effect. Um. Mhm. And so don't think that just because they're all in saying like those huge numbers that things will just happen just like that like super super quick. It takes time. All of these things do take time and do take quite a lot of energy which again I I I do wonder where where they're they're getting all of that energy from especially in the short term. Wow. And and and I think you know um like you mentioned it doesn't happen over time and sometimes the market might be expecting a lot a lot in the short term of things. So that could create like the volatility that we were kind of just discussing. But I think understanding these earnings and understanding kind of the long-term mentality of these executives and these companies is what help you u protect yourself when you hear kind of like that deepseek moment. I don't think the next deepseek moment will be deepseeek, but there will be a moment similar like where it's going to be like, you know what, maybe AI is not that crazy, but it's like we just heard a few quarters ago or a few months ago that this is the the end. So, it's this is the stuff that build the foundation um for that long-term thesis and allow you to buy these stocks when opportunity arises. cuz I I mean it sucks, but we had AMD, Nvidia, all these great companies below $100 just less than two months ago, but not many people except us were really discussing the opportunity here because it's just, oh no, the AI story is done. And now it's because we have that foundational uh opportunity to understand where these executives see that going. So, um, right now I I definitely am being maybe a little bit more cautious with new money, um, going into the portfolio. Um, but I'm definitely not trimming core positions. It's if if I'm trimming, I'm trimming kind of those um, like I mentioned, YOLO bets. I don't know if you saw Apply Digital this morning, Neil. Um, uh, up a nice amount. Um, 23. Yeah. Um, but yeah, those those are just my thoughts there, uh, Neil. Um, there was another one. Uh, oh, go ahead, Neil. Uh, no, you had like one one super chat from uh for for 420 bucks uh saying thank you for the for the earnings coverage. Thank you for that. Or let's see joined us yesterday on X on X. Yes. So Eddie jumped make sure we uh we get traction all over. Appreciate Eddie. Um but yeah, make sure we are not pumping because yesterday we were accused of pumping AI stocks and semiconductors as if we have the power to pump up an AMD or an Nvidia. Although although lately maybe you might have made the case that we we do have such power but we don't we don't those are just just very very good companies and again you don't need to chase. Um real quick because we do have some some Roblox question right here. Um so Roblox incredible quarter first of all incredible incredible performance by the company in turnaround revenue up 21% bookings up 51% daily active users 41% um the guide is is insane. I mean what the heck happened here is this old Travis Kelce doing because I I I heard he had like a a specific game launching or something like that. But this is the these are incredible incredible numbers um for Roblox and I believe it's it's close to a hundred billion dollars right now in uh in market cap which is quite a no sorry yeah no yes wait it pulled up rocket lab I'm like no not the same not yet those booking bookings growth were insane there Neil I mean revenue we saw that yellow flag on this and because I guess it didn't meet expectations but for this company bookings is probably the better uh portion um for for it and that was up 51% year-over-year and the guide for the year I think they guide it nice yeah basically 35.5% I wonder if we start hearing about free fire again soon pretty much from from C Limited yeah I mean I think they're also doing quite well but Roblox has the advantage of being a platform basically people developing their own games inside inside of that game making quite a lot of money actually. Um, so yeah, incredible for I don't own Roblox. Um, for for everyone that that is a Roblox shareholders, congratulations. I mean, this has been quite quite an excellent quite an excellent quarter for the company and has been quite a turnaround story over the last couple of couple of uh years. Um, as for Nebuse, I know I put Nebus in the in the thumbnail and things like that, but Nebus, I just put it there because they're they and Coreweave are one of the um companies that will benefit from the continued uh AI spending and AI growth. So, Nebus is up pre-market 3.4 right now. I think Corife is up 13 12 12%. Um, Nebus will report next week, August 7. So, not today, not tomorrow, next week. um August 7, we will of course um if we're live. I don't know if it's in the morning or in the afternoon, but um we will still be here. I'll definitely cover that at that company. But yeah, Nebus, Core Wee, they they will they will benefit from the continued AI spending, AI growth story. Uh you need such players right now to to scale up quite rapidly. And and if you got the best cost structure, I guess uh I guess that's a that's a good thing for uh for Nebuse. Um in in earnings uh you know um Blam Research also reported yesterday and yesterday was up before the earnings call, but I am seeing that the stock is down um about 8% after hours. Um this is one I'm actually going to take a closer look into. Uh because let me share slides really quick. Uh, Neil, I um, go ahead. There were some interesting stuff that we saw from the top. Let's see. Lamb Research. Here we go. Uh, so Lamb Research, for those that are not familiar, is a company that focuses on uh, equipment needed for semiconductor manufacturing. Um, and the great thing about semiconductor manufacturing is that there is a lot of steps. It's not just a one-step process. Um, right now there are certain steps that are maybe a little bit in more demand than others. Some may think because ASML didn't do that well that um the whole market is not going to do so well. But Lamb Research yesterday uh shared a few uh a few updates. First, they mentioned that their served market is expanding to mid30%. Uh they're in the low30s right now. So they're pretty much saying that in 2025 they expect to gain market share um in forms of equipment spending. Uh the main reason is a lot of their solutions are used for those critical components that are in bottlenecks right now. Advanced packaging solutions, HBM um manufacturing, right? So those are two two really bottleneck uh processes right now in in in the in the distribution of AI chips. Uh so not only are they growing market share, they're also focusing in markets that are um in high demand right now and they also did increase the outlook for um wafer fabrication equipment spending um spending. So originally they thought it was going to be about hundred billion. Now they expect this year to be actually closer to 105 billion. So an extra 5% growth uh there. Um, so now you're adding that they're grabbing market share and the market itself is getting bigger. Outside of that, Neil, they also mentioned that in the long term of things, they believe this market, their silver addressable market can actually hit the high30s. Uh, so they went from the low30s, they believe this year is going to be in the mid30s, and they believe in the upcoming years it could be the high30s. Um now the biggest red flag though for here um and maybe could be one of the reasons the stock is down. I would have to look at their earnings call but is this the China market is still a big portion of this company's total revenue 35%. Um so I guess investors are wondering is there a pull in happening just in case maybe uh there might be some export restrictions to China uh in the future. So, are orders just coming in a little bit ahead of schedule? And is this going to create maybe a more of a a a headwind in the future? Um, because you're putting all these orders in. Uh, so I I do think this is kind of the biggest uncertainty at the moment. I wonder if they talked about it during the earnings call. Um, but on the top overview, it does seem pretty good for earnings, especially for the markets that they're hit. with the stock down. This is when I one of those that one of those earnings I'm actually debating u maybe buying into the dip if I do a little bit more research of why the dip happened. Okay, fair enough. I mean I I also see that ASML and probably it took down it took down the rest of the uh semiconductor players, equipment players. Um but that's going to be an interesting one to follow because they they usually do report good numbers and for some reason the stock just doesn't doesn't react accordingly. Same with Qualcomm. Um Qualcomm had a very good quarter actually. Um Qualcomm has had a very good quarter and I'll actually wait I have some slides already ready already ready. Um let's see where we are. right here. I'll also touch we'll touch on uh on Apple and Amazon in a bit. Just going over the the companies that reported uh yesterday. So, Qualcomm, you don't have to read all of it, but they already gave us here the non-Apple revenue. So, QCT non-Apple year-to- date revenues are up more than 15%. So even even if we say, "Oh, it's down because of the the issues with Apple. They're going to lose Apple." But even without Apple, they're they're growing more than 15%. For a company that is trading at quite a low PE, even compared to their own to their own average. Um, so yeah, I I don't I don't know what what they have to do. Maybe it's just purely uh because of the uncertainties of of the future growth potentials whether it's for automotive or industrial or even the uh the AR glasses and all of that also made an acquisition um that they closed the acquisition but all in all we we've we've quickly looked at this yesterday automotive what acquisition did they close uh Neil Alpha Wave I think it's oh Alphaware okay yeah oh they closed that already nice that's going to help them in the um data center market. Yes, but you see the only problem um so I wrote it down here because yeah they're going this is a strategic entry into the uh data center market. So they're building NPU based AI inference accelerator cards and custom system on chips for general purpose and AI headnote computing solutions. The problem here is that revenue for this is only expected to begin in fiscal 28. M so now we're Q3 fiscal 25 you'll have to wait two and a half years for to actually see something which means again the market might or might not believe that this is going to this is going to happen but uh this is one of the one of the reasons but besides that I mean if I may real quick Neil this is one of those companies that um is working with Nvidia with that uh NVL link um switch thing when Nvidia open it uh opened up the uh so I wonder if that Alphaware um if that Alphaware uh products and whatever their CPU solutions are are going to be used to integrate with whatever Nvidia has at the time. So something to keep an eye on for sure. Definitely. Even though it's about two and a half years, definitely something to keep a closer eye on for. Yeah. No, for sure. They say here the acquisition, it's alpha wave by the way. Also wave. Yeah. Uh acquisition of Alpha Wave IP group is a cornerstone of the strategy expected to close. I know expected to close during 2026. Um Alpha Wave is a leading IP and data center design capabilities are key complementing Qualcomm's existing Orion CPU and hexagon NPU processors. Uh this acquisition is expected to accelerate Qualcomm's uh data center roadmap and enable the creation of custom SOC products with leading connectivity for scaledout uh solutions. Um Qualcomm is currently in advanced discussions with a leading hyperscaler uh for data center solution. So remains to be seen who that's going to be but in the meantime and this was a $2.4 4 billion acquisition. But in the meantime, you have handset that is okay a bit a bit slow here up 7% but automotive up 21%. IoT up 24% and so there are definitely some some growth drivers um for for Qualcomm. The company they said the company is on track to meet its fiscal 29 target. Again quite long term but when you will see the number it's quite big. So fiscal 29 target for combined automotive and IoT revenues of 21 uh $22 billion currently. Currently that's generating let's call it $2.5 billion a quarter times four. Yeah. So 10 billion. Yeah. So they expect to more than double that um in less than five years. Correct. which and I'm pretty sure those are conservative numbers on their end which is not bad and only for IoT and automotive in the handset market and all of that you have of course if you believe in it the rise of AR VR and all of those things Qualcomm is is a is going to be a big big player there I think they've talked about 19 uh designs or partners or whatnot that they're in discussion with. So I don't know Qualcomm for for everyone that's interested in another player that's not maybe the the traditional Nvidia AMD and things like that. Qualcomm at these prices buying back shares paying a dividend that there are definitely growth opportunities. It might not crush the market but I think it can it can beat the market for for the years to come. I I I agree there. think this is going to be one that is going to be uh pretty boring for the short term and that short term could be a year or maybe even a little bit longer than a year but in the long term it has the opportunity to grow. I like this comment here from Eddie uh Neil uh is it possible that the need for edge AI compute is not here yet like I've never heard anyone say I want an AIPC or whatever they call those co-pilot PCs. I think that is true. But I think if one thing that we are seeing is all these big tech players are especially kind of like your Google and Meta are saying that PCs are not the next AI wave. It's actually some form of new product being your glasses or something else that's being developed. So if those markets, if that those glasses are become a huge opportunity, that internet of things market for Qualcomm can grow dramatically because Qualcomm I do believe provides the chips for both um the Google chip and and definitely for Meta for the their glasses uh for their VR glasses. They provide those solutions. I would be surprised if they're not the ones for Google either. Um, so maybe is not looking at it in the PC, but in all these Internet of Things products. I mean, if we're going to start to add AI to robotics, um, when that ever takes place, Qualcomm can win. And not just robotics in the consumer space, robotics in the industrial space. All right, Eddie? So, um, I agree that maybe AIPC might not be the next big thing, but I do think there's going to be some form of AI product or things that could come out in the next 5 years that will completely shift the demand for some of the IoT products that Qualcomm has. Yeah. And we we've talked about this in the past, right? this uh AIP PC thing. It's a it's a marketing uh aspect cuz cuz let's be honest, most people just want to go and and buy a new PC or laptop or whatnot because it's more powerful, because it's faster, uh because the battery is better, right? You're not going to buy uh a new PC because it has that co-pilot button on the keyboard. I have this co-pilot button here, right here, right in front of me. I didn't even know it was there. never pushed it. Never pushed it. I wish I could reprogram that button to do something else because it's as useless as it gets. Um, so yeah, but when we talk about maybe phones, when we talk about AI AR glasses, that's going to be much much different because you use these products in a in a different way, right? We do we use a PC in a different way. Use products like a phone, a smartphone, smart glasses in different ways. and and that that's when things uh will get interesting where AI on device is going to be important. Yeah. Um Neil, I have another question. I have a few questions. Maybe we can we can take a closer look in. Um Adam, do you think ASML is interesting at these price prices or own any? Um so I don't own any ASML. Neil, I don't think I don't think you own any. Do you own ASML? No. Um I do think it's interesting. I think the long-term opportunity for ASML is definitely there. Now, with the Lamb Research pullback, I have to look back at the pullback, but I prefer Lamb Research a little bit more than ASML because um if you were here, Adam, for the for the quick 101 on their earnings. Um the AS uh Lamb Research, the equipment that they do, while they're not in a monopoly like ASML, it is one of those markets that has kind of growth opportunities. We saw the advanced packaging, the HBM, they work a lot with memory players that um I think Neil and I both kind of see the opportunity in the memory space. So I prefer like Lamb Research. I do own Lamb Research. Um and if these dip is some short-term headwind, um then I would write it off and and and maybe look at Lamb Research um over ASML. Um then Manuel here, I I agree with Manuel here um about restrictions. I think US is happier with putting these restrictions on ASML and not Lamb Research. I I agree. I think that's more likely the case. Unfortunately, being kind of a monopoly player um and kind of like the only player to be able to do something, you're more likely to get um restriction because if you have competition, um USA would be like what's the point of putting it uh uh putting restrictions if they can just get it from somewhere else instead. Um just how how we're seeing maybe with some of the AI chip stocks. Um, Neil, let's see. Um, do want to touch maybe real quick on uh Transmetics because they reported yesterday and I've seen some uh some comments on Transmetics. So, I want to touch on that real quick. Excellent quarter. Um, stock is up 15.5% after the stock did did pull back over the last couple of weeks. Revenue increased 37.7%. Um as you can see there was that a couple of quarters ago remember first time ever I think where revenue actually dipped quarter over quarter but since then it has recovered quite uh quite nicely. We're here of course on fiscal.ai um there is a link in our description you'll get 15% off. So all in all um revenue up 38% net income $349 million or 92 cents per day to share beats across the board for the quarter. Um gross margin remains at 61%. They also raised guidance. So strength across the board for Transmetic despite again I think there was um the same short seller that came out and said something about about uh the company and its flights and there was a short seller report that came out I think a year a year year and a half or so ago crashed the stock as always and then the stock actually did recover because the business was doing um quite well. They do say here that they're raising full year 2025 revenue guidance to the range of 585 million to 65 million representing 35% um growth for uh for the company. So, Transmetics company that is still quite small 3 well not maybe closer to $4 billion but it has been doing quite well as you can see more recently we did peak here at $141 did get a pullback and now pre-market we are going back up. It's a company if you just look at the traditional pricing metrics um might not be the cheapest one but it's a company that is still it's growing has been growing fast and is still expected to grow quite rapidly um top and bottom line. So yeah congrats to the shareholders there. I was a shareholder before but uh I wanted to consolidate a little bit and so uh why did I yeah so basically that wanted to consolidate it was a small position in the portfolio and uh took my gains although I could have gained a little bit more but took my gains and and concentrated in uh in the likes of Nebuse actually Nebuse Micron AMD and all of that things that I like to follow a little bit more than the transportation of organs Um it's yeah it's because of that not because the business is bad it's just the topic and and the interest um and and you know a few more comments here before we kind of look into other stuff. Um Anthony Walker says we don't read the comments around here. Just want to say Anthony I think we do. Um we just read a heater. We just read yours. Catching a heater here. Pretty cool name. Yeah they actually do. I commented plenty of times and got replied. These guys are awesome. Appreciate the support. Catching a heater. Um Neil, um can you guys please cover Fubo? Is this one that you look into? Uh Neil, is there anything you know about this one? Uh it's one that is up quite significantly. I think last last year or beginning this year, I can't even remember what time it was, but I think Disney um acquired a stake in that company. There was this whole fight between Fubo and the other media big media players. Stock went up then stock went down. Um it's more it's more of a Jeremy stock. Uh he follows it. I think he owns it as well. Jeremy from Financial Education. I did cover it um after the Disney news. I said that the risk was off. Well, the the main overhang over the company and the stock was off. Um, so yeah, I I don't know what if they reported today or not, but it's an interesting play. Again, it's it's a streaming place, more market cap, expected to grow fast, expected to become more profitable. And so, you get all of that those catalyst that that could push um that stock higher. It's up 6% 17% yesterday and 6% today. So, okay, they did report they did report on Tuesday. Um they did report on Tuesday uh they said that paid subscribers are not expected to exceed 1.35 million in the region. That's u more than the 1.24 um that they previously uh expected. Um so yeah, I guess I guess earnings were good. I guess earnings were good because the stock went back up, but it's not one that I followed that closely right uh right now. Um other than that, we have here some questions. Zeta Zeta is also reporting I think let's see Zeta Global uh also next week August 5th um someone also said that Tom Brady will be at their event yeah but not the earnings call just their uh their Zetta global event I think later in in October um he's going to be there um what are my thoughts on Zeta hiring someone from Meta I don't know uh I I don't know who that guy is and and what he actually did at Meta. I highly doubt he's part of the super intelligence team. Let me tell you that. Yeah. Yeah. He's probably one that's mad that didn't get the hundred billion dollarund million dollar uh checks. Um exactly. Yeah. There's a kind of a a personal question, but I've seen James, I think, ask it a few times throughout um throughout a few days. Um wondering, you guys only invest in YouTube. How do you balance personal expenses? I I mean, YouTube, it's it's funny, right? You know, YouTube is pretty much a business. Um so, with YouTube, you do have income coming in. There's wires that we go. we have partnerships like we see with fiscal.ai AI and and other partners um that that kind of I mean it's a business you you you're able to get customers right so that's that's pretty much in and that's how you have kind of a form of a steady income um so the great thing about whatever you decide to pursue you can always make a business out of everything and that's what helps kind of pay uh personal expenses so for me it's my money invested I'm pretty sure for Neo it's not used for any form of daily lives the money we put into investing is pretty much for for long-term long-term holds so that doesn't really impact our our personal expenses. And let me just say it's not a not bad not a bad life. I agree. Except I have to spend some time with Neil. That's the only Just kidding. Um No, but yeah, I know. I I uh I agree. It's uh I never thought I never thought I'd be in this position when I started the channel. That's for sure. Um that's for sure. There were definitely some times where I thought, "Okay, this is never going to work out, so might as well start looking for something else." But, uh, here we are. Here we are. Um, so I guess we're doing a good job. Cuz if we're not doing a good job, I don't think people would be listening to us. And I'll be working somewhere else. Exactly. I'd be selling couches. Oh man. Or some might be some might say I might be playing football for Manchester United. Yeah. Yeah. Um let's see. Yeah. Carvana questions you want to grab? Oh yeah. I mean I I know we tal I mean I talked about Open Door and then there was this uh comparison. Open door is the next Carvana but Carvana killed it. It's up another 18% pre-market. Um this thing Yeah. Crazy crazy. They they they keep crushing it. So the the business has definitely obviously turned around um quite successfully. Do you want to maybe touch on the the the big two for tonight? An Apple and then and an Amazon real quick or uh do you have something else? I don't have um I hate on Apple too much. I don't think I can share uh any thoughts on Apple. When you said pick two, I I heard Apple, Amazon, and I'm like which one's the second? Uh because I don't think um I mean all jokes aside for Apple I don't know what I want to listen to on Amazon's end on Amazon's end um I want to continue to see that cloud growth right I mean we've heard from already Google we've heard from Microsoft that um the cloud market is growing at strong levels is Amazon seeing the same thing if it's not seeing the same thing then I can unfortunately say that maybe this stock might see a dip because uh the market is going to perceive the growth from am um from um Microsoft and Google to be market share uh taking from from from Amazon. Um the other thing is we did see some great numbers in advertisement spending from both Google and Meta. Are we going to see the same thing from Amazon or are Google and Meta taking ad wlets from Amazon? So, this is kind of what the sucky thing about being one of the last two reports, especially in the in the big behemoths, is now you have to show that you're with the trend. And if you're not with the trend, it means that the trend is eating you up. So, I think it's you have and with Amazon, you already see that momentum going up. The stock is up about 2 3% uh right Neil after uh uh before the market opens. Uh so, the market's already expecting it to go good. So, if it's not even good, uh you can kind of see a pullback. But I'm hoping we see this massive destruction of within the Max 7 or just continued growth um to continue to fuel uh that stocks have massive destruction. Massive destruction Amazon massive destruction my number one expectations massive destruction of analyst expectations. Okay. I thought massive stock this guy wants to ruin my portfolio. Um but yeah, these are the expectations for Amazon for tonight. Um, revenue expected to come in at 162.1 billion. Quite crazy. $162.1 billion in revenue. Mhm. EPS $1.32. Although the range here is a bit is a bit bigger. Um, let's see a bit. What do we get for the quarter? 16.8 billion. And then free cash flow. Although I highly doubt we're going to get the free cash flow. We usually get the trailing 12 months one. But free cash was expected to be $9.1 billion dollars for for the quarter. Um yeah, like you said, I mean when you think about Amazon, of course, we we think about AWS, I think, straight away when you look at it, but most people just just think about the online stores, but for example, like you said, advertising. Advertising for Amazon for example, let's put last 12 months, it's already a 58.3 billion business for them that is growing 18.5%. It's it's insane. This is this is huge. This is already a huge huge business. High margin business of course as well. Um then subscription and services. Same thing here. subscription and services growing, let's call it 10%, that's a $45 billion business for Amazon over the last 12 months. Moving on uh to I'm not even going to go to AWS just yet, but third party seller services, 9.1% growth. It's a business worth 158 billion. Um that's wild. I mean, Amazon inside of Amazon has various businesses that would make other businesses look silly. Um, then you have AWS growing 18.4% and is a 111 billion business which probably will be a bit more a bit more than that by tonight. Um, if we look at the quarterly growth rates for AWS, we have seen it slow down um 16.9% last quarter to $29.26 26 billion. So let's see let's see if we can see an acceleration in growth although the comparisons are becoming a little bit tougher but not by much. Um but yeah I would like to see an acceleration here uh in growth. I I do think one of the rumors not rumors one of the discussions with Amazon is that they were a little bit slow to investing heavily on AI chips. Um and it takes some time for those chips to kind of go into place and to get that market. Uh so that's one of the reasons kind of the other players are still seeing some growth. Um it does seem like they are shifting that tone. I mean I think we talked about we even watched that video maybe less than a month ago of how kind of this partnership with the Amazon and Nvidia they also have the project Rainer I I forget what it's called but it's like them building that massive tranium to uh AI chip infrastructure. So um would love to hear maybe as a AI chip investor obviously um any notion on capix growth and I do believe we are going to get that at least from from Amazon if we continue to see AWS improve. Yeah and this is this is by the way their uh RPO which is primarily AWS sits at 189 billion uh dollars. Not bad h not bad at all. I think capex I think spending yeah for Amazon was the highest I think uh of the of the big companies I think it was already at hundred billion dollars or so um what they the only thing is this one does have to expand on on yeah on those um distribution sensors what do they call them I forget the um is it distribution sensors for their it's for the or yeah it's for the whole business not just for the for the data center now unfortunately Jose we have to talk about Apple because the Apple does report. Apple does report later later today. So, let's have a look at what um the market is expecting them to do. Revenue is expected to be 89 uh billion dollars or just just above it. Um EPS coming in at $143, EBIT of $25.4 billion and free cash flow of $25.6 billion. Pretty impressive. Yeah. Now with Apple if we look at um how they generate their revenue of course iPhone is the largest chunk then Mac now I think it's uh wearables that's the product side then we're going to look at the services so if we actually look at the let's do let's do last two years or so Mhm. Over the last two years, um, iPhone revenue increased 10% compounded, Mac 9%, iPad, let's call it 6%, and wearables, it's actually down 5.3% compounded. Now, oh wow, over the last 12 months, if we do the same here, where is the growth exactly? Like it peaked in 22. It peaked three years ago and since then it has either come down or remained flat for the products revenue for Apple. Yeah. But for some reason it still gets 30 times earnings. Okay, I get it. It's the free cash flow that is still quite predictable. And you could say, okay, maybe it's because of these services being $102 billion business for them. High margin growing uh let's call it 13%. Okay, that that is that is great, right? everybody playing paying their $2 for the iCloud storage. Um, but oh, reminding I got to cancel my subscription. I think I've been paying them for free. This is why people are bullish on Apple. This is why people are bullish on Apple. They they make money from people that don't even use their services. Um, that that's how good of a business Apple is. So, Apple is a $3.12 trillion business, trailing PE 33 times, forward PE 29 times, and revenue is expected to grow 5% compounded uh for the next two years, EPS 7.8%. Um, yeah, I don't know. I don't know. If you if you remove the buybacks for Apple, I think it's an underperformer by far. By far. Um, and I think the worry is is that right now it's like you have a lot of free cash flow right now and you're able to buy back shares and you're still growing and stuff, but if this AI market is really as crazy as it seems, it that free cash flow can start to dwindle pretty quickly and then are you still going to give it that um crazy valuation for not a crazy growth story? No. No. And I mean if you look at our favorite Google Alphabet trailing PE 20.9 times forward P 19.7 expected to grow revenue faster than Apple expected to grow EPS faster than Apple. Um I just don't uh I just don't don't get it. I mean for Apple uh maybe we can stay on on on fiscal. Um people might want to we're getting some questions on Reddit. Maybe we can look at red even though we don't follow it. I mean, we can look at at what at least the market is expecting. Of course. Of course. Um, in the meantime, Apple, what what do you think they should say tonight in order for the for the market to actually react according? Absolutely. Like, do do you think they will do you think it's going to be, oh, we are working on a new suite of products that will be launched next year? AR devices, maybe I mean a flip phone because Apple comes out 10 10 years after Android has done flip phone, Samsung's and and and Google. Or do you think they they'll talk about AI even though there's nothing to talk about? Yeah, I don't know. It's a tricky one because I do think the street now is wondering what they do with AI. Um where I think maybe a year ago they were um they'll be like we have no engineers left. We have nobody. We have nowhere. Yeah. Um, so I I do think that's a question, especially with all these meta and all these people hiring massive amounts of AI engineers. I think that she's going to be wondering what are you doing, Apple? Um, and I I want I don't know how what's the next um event that Apple has. Is is it here? Is it is it around September? I think it's around September or August. And is that their big event where they showcase like the revolutionary nextgen color? Yeah, exact. No, I I don't know. The the the developer conference already happened. Um but the next one Yeah. should be in September. I I think so. That's usually I think when maybe they they they'll mention their new Yeah. new colors of the iPhone that will cost $2,000. Yeah. I I I've never heard a call from them, so I don't know how um management speaks and and what they normally say. Um you can move icons on the home screen, though. That's amazing. Okay, that's amazing. Um but yeah, I I really don't know, Neil, what what what I would want Apple to say because I don't think that anything that they anything revolutionary, they'll most likely use one of those events to discuss it. Um, I I do I do want to give them credit on TV shows and and some movies because though those are high quality like the the the TV shows that they have pretty pretty good like very good actually. Um, very good. Um, so yeah, you wanted me to go over Reddit. So Reddit reports later today. Later today or did they already report because they're up 7.8%. Oh, did they report already? I thought it was later today. I I thought it was later today, but maybe I wonder if just the ad business in general from Meta. Uh let's see. Yeah, it seems later today from Yeah, it's later today. So, so for some reason everything is up. So, okay. Yeah, Severance. Severance is a very good uh Apple TV show. Um okay. So basically market is expecting revenue $420 let's call it $26 million for a quarter um EPS of 19 cents. There's not much growth here expected to be honest for EPS but for a quarter 19 cents EPS um EBIT of 18.2 million and free cash flow of $123 uh million for for the quarter. Let's actually have a look at um how they've been doing over the last couple of uh couple of quarters. I would assume that the majority comes from advertising. Correct? Yeah. So this is basically it. Advertising segment is increasing 50% compounded since March quarter of 2023. Last quarter that increased 61%. Um they have seen I think also a rise in uh was that quarterly revenue Neil? That is quarterly. Yes. Well, you Yeah, that was pretty good actually. It didn't dip too much from quarter 4 and you would expect quarter four to be just like a massive That's actually pretty nice. Correct. Um let's actually see um global quarterly. Yeah, maybe this one is good enough. So, the global quarterly average weekly active uniques. That's a one heck of a metric here. That one got So, it's like a Star Wars language. Um, we see a a nice increase, a nice increase here because I I do think they they've they've been a bit more aggressive when it comes to you having to sign in or sign up to ready to to read certain threads and things like that. Uh monetization wise, we've had we've heard reports of uh of them maybe trying out pay walls and and other things, but I think pay walls is going to be the destruction of them. Um maybe AI licensing deals about their data. We we've heard things about that as well. I don't know how how that how that is evolving. Um let's see actually if they mentioned something in the transcript last uh last quarter. Yeah. So, daily active users were up 31% year-over-year. Nice to 108 million. Um, Reddit answers is expanding. It has already reached 1 million weekly weekly users. Um, international is growing quite rapidly. Ad revenue grew 83% last quarter. These are all last quarter numbers for everyone joining in um, Reddit reports later uh, later today. Okay. So here they say something um about the Google algorithm. While Reddit has a symbiotic relationship with Google, the company acknowledges that algorithm changes can create variability in traffic and user growth. However, Reddit believes it is in control of its own destiny and that its unique value proposition will continue to attract uh keyboard warriors. No, wait, what was it? To attract users and advertisers. Um yeah. And al so the Reddit has been performing quite well business-wise and I think we talked about it when it was closer to 100 and we're like maybe yes, maybe no. Um but then again everything was quite quite uh attractive back then. Um let's see. We do have um some comments here. Uh some saying Apple TV is rubbish. Neil, they're going against you. Can't even get that right. Apple TV shows are good. I don't know if what Apple TV the Apple TV. Yeah. Uh we have Roberto here. The Foundation is so good on Apple TV. We also have Yo-Yo. Severance is pretty much how it feels to work at Apple. Um I heard that one's a good one. Yeah, I mean it's true. I mean, I do think that's something that Apple has really honed in and maybe that's what they're going to focus on because every time I feel I see an Apple ad on X or somewhere, it has to do with their uh TV shows. Um, who enjoys using Reddit? I actually enjoy using Reddit. Nobody enjoys using Reddit. You go to Reddit to get information, then you get the hell out of there as soon as as possible. That's true. Yeah. Yeah. After Yeah, that's true. I don't stay there. It's just for that one question that I have um that I feel no one else has and I have to add Reddit on the Google thingy to make sure I don't go on Reddit. Jose, is this your alternative account? It it is. It is. Nebius is killing. And we also did get another question here for Nebus um that I wanted to take a look into. Um what does this capex increase from meta Microsoft mean for Nebus? Um I think more Neos right. just a top level overview of the momentum in the AI space that there's not enough AI compute. So other cloud server providers can definitely benefit from this growth. Um which in theory um Nebulus could be one of those growth players. So uh I think it's just a a good indication that demand is still there. Um because meta micro meta and Microsoft at least Microsoft um said that um they don't have enough uh capacity to meet demand. So if you don't have enough capacity, customers are not just going to sit idle and wait. They're going to go off and look for the next player in charge. Um so yeah. Yeah. I mean I I'm excited for the Nebus report. Um cuz all things indicate that they're they're going to try and grow even faster and they're going to grow um faster I think this year in 2026. Of course, this might also mean that they might look to raise money because I mean, although they have uh $2 billion, I think in cash, these things do cost quite a lot a lot more money. Same with Meta, right? Meta said yesterday they're going to look at co-inancing options to uh Oh, yeah. That was interesting. Yeah. To grow, which again makes sense because if you look at the amount of cash that they need that they want to spend and the amount of cash that they have, uh it doesn't work. It doesn't work. To me, that co- financing it's I I wonder how those deals were going to are going to work. Is it going to be like like a JP Morgan one that we read about I think not so long ago. But is it just a a debt buildup? Um a debt buildup or is it just uh is it going to be like equity share like you you seen some companies where they do data center buildouts. We can do revenue share if um 50% of this revenue from this data center you will be able to collect. So, I would love to see how maybe Meta um thinks about doing these. Yeah, maybe. Maybe. Um Figma, did you guys cover it yet? I mean, there's nothing to cover yet because it goes public later today. Um we did cover the uh the S1 a while a while ago. It's a very interesting company. I'm not going to lie. It's very interesting company growing quite quickly, but it is 40 times overs subscribed. So if you think I will try and buy shares today, you can forget it. It's probably going to open up I'd say 50 60% higher than the the initial pricing. That's my guess. Um that's my guess for Figma, but it's it's some it's a company we'll put on the watch list and maybe cover closely because you can then start comparing a Figma and Adobe valuation wise. It's not apples to apples, but you can do apples to oranges with this one. I think that uh that should work. Um, another favorite, Gurab reported yesterday or yesterday or during during the night because they report in the middle of the night for me and very late for you guys. Um, they reported stock is down 3%. Um, so let's see. And the market is going to open in 2 minutes. Don't worry. I know. I know. Um, this time you're not going to get me. So revenue increased uh 23% on demand GV increased 21% adjusted EVIDA was uh $45 million um uh improved by $45 million to $19 million. The key takeaways here are that GymV growth on demand GM growth accelerated to 21% um year-over-year. So they're seeing some momentum there. Um the successful issuance of $ 1.5 billion of zero coupon convertible nodes strengthen the balance sheet and provides strategic flexibility. Some people will say this is again going to be um the acquisition of goto or not. Um remains remains to be seen what happens um with this one. They reaffirmed fullyear guidance. So maybe maybe the market was expecting them to raise guidance a little bit. Um but they reaffirmed the guidance expecting revenue between 3.33 and 3.4 $4 billion. So basically growing 20.5% or so at uh the midpoint. And so I guess all in all a good quarter with Grab, but as I said um before as I said before, Grab is not a company where you should expect it to 10x tomorrow. It's uh it's going to take a little bit of uh a little bit of time to play out. And the market is open right now. Uh let's see who the movers are. Micron down another 3.6%. So I guess it follows the equipment makers in the uh in the downtrend um today. Nova Nord is down another 3%. So I'll show you the the technicals again because it it does it does get very close to that bottom. Um Uber is down a little bit more. I mean, Uber, if Uber gets closer to 80 bucks, I I think it's a price where I I' I'd want to probably buy buy even more um of uh of Uber. Whoa. Apply to digital up 23%. Very nice. Roberto, are you here? Did you look at some Yeah, he's here. Roberto, maybe when we add the uh we added this at9 $9.72, I think. Um Roberto, start looking for some Florida homes. U Meta is up 10. Reddit up seven. Nebu's up five. SoFi up five. Oh, what do you know? So up 5%. So of all right, this is if PayPal, I'm selling everything. Uh people can stop crying now. PayPal is down so you can uh start buying. Okay. PayPal is down which is also crazy. 6969 almost. Uh Google is down 2%. 2.3%. Google is down 2.3%. What the heck? That's a heck. That's wild. That doesn't make any sense. Um uh iron is up. So, Iron is again one of those Bitcoin miners turned into potential data center energy providers. Um, they're they're moving into a HPC as well. Uh, it's going to be a quarter where I listen I listen quite closely to what they have to uh to what they have to say. But, uh, iron up. Yeah. 4.5. It it was also uh having experiencing a little pull down over the last couple of uh last couple of days. But yeah, applied digital up 30%. Now, let's uh pull up the the other charts here really quick. Um, apply digital. Yeah, I mean, we were we were much higher in June, but we didn't buy. We bought here like like a bunch of geniuses. Or maybe no, we bought here. No, it went up, it went down. Now we're up 28%. Lovely stuff. Lovely stuff. This is Yeah, it's probably because of the comments that they made about the core with uh the extra $4 billion and then some extra things that they mentioned during the earnings call which I think both of us need to have a look at. Um because when we looked at it yesterday was up 10% 11 and now it's up 28. Um so that's that's a good one. That's a good one. PayPal up now closer to 6%. So, we're making our way back up basically up a nice amount, 15% or so since the bottom of of that convertible uh sorry, stock offer blah blah blah. That's up nicely. Of course, there is no stream without me showing Jose Oscar being red. It's actually green. Nice. It's actually green today. I think it's And no negative no negative sentiment. Yeah. No negative for now. For now. Um, United Health is down though back under 260 bucks. Uh, Figma, what happened with Figma? Nothing. Figma is not public yet. Um, usually when company goes IPO, I think they'll go IPO at noon or or something or something like that. Um Lamb Research down 7% although we are seeing a little bit of buying at uh we are at the moment a little bit not much. Yeah, that's one that definitely um Google being down is is is like Yeah, that's that's one I'm thinking of of adding into um like I I don't like Yeah, I don't let me let me double check. Maybe there is like a DOJ decision, but I highly doubt it. Uh let's see. It it can't be purely on on the advertising strength of Meta. I just uh let's see. No, nothing. I I see I see nothing. Let's check ARM real quick. ARM is down 13%. Okay, that makes a little bit more sense. it makes a little bit more sense. Um 134 is the 200 day moving average for those wondering. Um Qualcomm is now down only 1.8. So there has been some buying activity since the open. That makes a lot more sense. Um a lot more sense cuz I I didn't I didn't understand why it was down so much. Um so the overreaction here, nice little recovery for which one? Qualcomm. Oh, Qualcomm. Nice. Um it it makes it makes sense. So, I think I'll I'll make a short video about that um later. Then, uh ASML down. Yeah, all all the equipment makers are basically are basically down. Um actually, we forgot. What about Meta? Meta 775 bucks up 11% and then Microsoft. Microsoft giving some back. Five, six. Yeah, both of them are giving some back, which makes sense. Um which which makes sense. Apply digital 34% now. Uh I think I might let go of this one. Yo, I don't really care about long-term on this one. I wouldn't mind um getting some cash and maybe looking into Google. Yeah, I mean we if if we look at what we made, we bought around let's call it here 40%. Yeah, I mean like I said for this one wasn't I mean I'll think about it still but um it was a small position and now an extra few to buy some more Google is not the worst case for me. Yeah I mean 40% in what two weeks or so. Not bad. Not bad. But the thing is is that they have momentum. That's the thing. Yeah that's the thing. It's it's you're having this excitement from AI right now. they have the momentum, they have the gener the revenue that will come in. The question is how I mean not how long because we know it's 2026 uh and and 2526 starts revenue. Um but yeah, you tell me, huh, if we sell or if we stay. Roberto said, "Shut your mouth and say, "All right, all right, Roberto, I'll stay in." I'm staying in with Roberto. He he is for all of us. If I mean we went into this because it's a yellow bet. So we have to ride it. We have to ride. No. Yeah. Um but it's not like we put in like 50k. No, I did I did just um I I talked about it yesterday. I did sell a little bit of my max ETF um and bought some googs. That's good. This is a Ferrari. So hopefully Applied Digital will make us buy Ferrari, the car or maybe the stock depending on which one we we prefer. Um but yeah, it seems like they reported they're down right now. Could be an interesting could be an interesting one uh to look at. So let's do the heat map one last time and then we will be back later today for the uh for the Amazon Apple and Apple or Reddit whatever people want. Um so yeah nothing much. Um Oracle is up on those on the bullish sentiment it seems 1.1%. Yeah, AMD.3, Nvidia 1.1. So, they're they gave back a little bit of their uh of their gains. Um, MetaP 12. That's crazy. So, yeah, all in all, pretty good at the moment. Robin Hood is down 3.5. I can't believe Micron's down four. Yeah, I'm telling you, the market is just too stupid. like they think especially since I saw I I saw an article I I maybe we'll show I'll look for it for the afternoon stream but I saw um Micron is taking a nice amount of market share in the HBM space but then I also saw another article that's talking more about HBM3 um supply increasing dramatically. So uh I guess two two stories in opposite side. Yeah. But I I don't know. It's It's strange to me how everyone's saying, "Oh, we're going to we're going to spend more and build out more and more and like nobody's figuring out, oh, they're going to need more memory." Like Mhm. like it's not all going to come from Samsung and SK Hindings. So, yeah. I don't know. Um All right. Plus, HBM 4 is going to be interesting to see what happens uh with that next year. But anyhood, um we will be back later today. We will of course have more information on Figma because by then Figma will be a publicly traded company, but we will be back 3:30 p.m. um to cover the market close, Figma, and then Amazon and Apple and whoever reports earnings, but we're going to just cover Amazon's earnings call later today. So, make sure you hit that notification bell. Don't forget, not the like button, yes, the subscribe button, but the notification bell is more important. So, hit that and we'll see each other um in a couple of hours.