The AI market is just starting and for those that are familiar, I'm extremely extremely bullish in this company. I mean, in this channel, if you go back two years ago and even further than that, you can see how we were discussing Nvidia, Meta, Google, Cadence, and so many other AI companies before the market even knew what they were. Now on today's episode, what I want to say is even though I've been extremely extremely bullish in the AI market for the two plus years, every time we get new earnings, every time we get new expansions on data centers, every time we have new CEO discussions, I realize I'm not bullish enough. And this is extremely extremely bullish for the AI market and more importantly the semiconductor market. And let me explain some of the crazy things that we've seen in just the past few weeks that every AI, Nvidia, Broadcom, AMD, the list goes on, should know. So, let's take a closer look in today's episode. I want to thank the Mly Fool for sponsoring this video and check out fool.com/hose for the 10 best stocks to buy now. With that link, you get a promotional offer for their subscription service. Now, let's continue with today's episode. Right. So, if this is your first time here, my name is Jose Naharo. I am an electrical engineer. Most of my channel is pretty much focused in that the semiconductor industry, which focuses in the AI space. So, if this is your first time here, you're going to get a lot and a lot of information. What I tried to do is I'm not the type of person to give you a price target. I'm trying the per I'm the type of person and the type of content creator to give you the information and my thoughts on that information and why I'm extremely bullish in the markets that I'm in. So I do believe Nvidia is still is still uh the AI market is still in very much early phases which means the leader in this page Nvidia is still in early phases and that's crazy to think about. This is a company with a market cap of $4.2 trillion almost 4.3. I believe Nvidia is going to be the first to hit $5 trillion. And it's not impossible in my mind for it to grow, especially especially if the AI market continues as it is. So, first let's just do a quick overview of why I'm excited. So, Nvidia, many might think Nvidia is a semiconductor company. You thought about it as a chip player, but throughout the years, it has transformed to a system, to a data center, now to a full infrastructure play. So no, Nvidia is not really building the infrastructure, but if you want to build an infrastructure, if you want to build these massive hundred billion dollar data centers, you call Nvidia and you say, look, I need an order to be able to build this massive data center within the next 10 months. Can you help me out? And Nvidia says, yes, look, I have a list of my partners that are good at building, that are good at cooling, that are able to build all this, and we can get that to you. Maybe that timeline is crazy, but that's what it means that this is now an infrastructure player. It has all the ins and outs with great partners and this massive AI investment is just continuing to grow. Now a second kind of exciting market is right now computing is at an inflection point. data center capex is expected to grow dramatically and we just got some great news about this and some confirmation from this just uh this past few days right with Google reporting earnings and we're going to talk about it but by 2028 Nvidia believes that capital expenditure for data center will hit $1 trillion that is freaking wild and the great thing about Nvidia is this is not just one product it's not just one GPU it's a full list of products. It's your GPUs, your CPUs, your networking switches, your BPUs, your networking um expo switches. So, there's so much for Nvidia that many just see it as a one player in the hardware space, but there's so much that are helping revolutionize this AI market. And the other thing is having this full stack makes it harder for competitors to come and enter that market. Now more importantly outside of hardware right the greatest second the the other great strength I want to say they're manufacturing their their hardware is a key key um strength but the other is software this software ecosystem where they continue to create these libraries if you want to do some form of AI application it's so easy to use Nvidia's hardware against anybody else and Nvidia has tons and tons of scientists of software engineers constantly ly updating this and developing it and the overall development ecosystem is massive as anybody who's running any form of AI workload is most likely running on Nvidia. The great thing about this is this hardware, the software. It's not just a one product system, right? It's not just for the data centers. They also have systems that can go to your enterprise market. Let's say your your company wants to build some form of AI solution and they don't want to use the cloud. They want to use it on premise. There's a lot and a lot of server solutions that they have for that. If you want to have a very strong power workstation, they have that GPU a laptop for maybe some of the AI engineers and the list goes on and on. So, it's this massive world of different types of partners and different types of customers that Nvidia is hitting because of its hardware, because of its software ecosystem. Now, like I mentioned, the AI revolution is here. And again, let me just say, if this is your first time here, make sure to hit the thumbs up and the subscribe button. This is going to be again, we've talked about the AI market for the two plus years. We were talking about meta when everybody hated meta. We were talking about Nvidia when pre prices was probably in like the 50s or so. We've talked about AMD. We talked about Cadence. This is the place if you want information. And again, I'm not here to hold your hand. I'm not here to give you price targets. I'm here to give you information because I believe you're smart enough to use that information to build the thesis you want. If you want to support the channel a little bit more, and again, I appreciate it a lot. fiscal.ai/jo. AI/ Jose for that amazing offer. Again, I use it on a daily basis and check out my free semiconductor newsletter what the chiphappen.com the links are down below. But uh if we kind of keep going here where so the next thing is the AI market is growing crazy. And when we think of AI we only think of one thing just generative of AI chat GPT but AI is gonna hit all different types of markets. the computing, the healthcare, the transportation, the manufacturing. And Nvidia believes that these are 100 trillion plus markets. All of them. I mean, the perfect example that they give us is, let me kind of pull it up here. I have it I I think I have it in one of these. Uh, but the perfect here we go. The perfect example is this. So right now in forms of AI, we're right here in the generative AI where you're using these chat bots to kind of collect some information, to digest some information, to maybe create some websites, but the next level is a genic AI. It's going to start off most likely as some form of coding assistant, but it's pretty much at the end of the day going to be a virtual assistant for anything you want in the digital world, customer service, patient care, and the world. And and that continues that alone can hit various markets. Imagine how many hotels are going to have some form of customer service with a genic AI. Imagine how many healthcare markets are going to have some form of patient care agenic AI. Imagine how many supply chain are going to have a genic AI to talk with each other to make sure the right supply is at the right place, the right inventory. All these markets are hundreds and hundreds of billion opportunities. Now after that after that you have physical AI and physical AI is kind of the robotics the self-driving and robotics can hit or we're going to see various various markets you can see robotics in the healthcare you can see robotics in manufacturing you can see robotics in the data center in the consumer house in the delivery of food in the delivery of heavy machinery all those robotics will be different industries and all those different industries have different types of wallets and different types of spending. And the great thing is not all of them are going to happen at the same time. You might have some come first uh before the others, but eventually the trend is there for the amount of compute needed for robotics. Here they talk about the healthcare. The healthcare for them is a hundred billion dollar AI factory opportunity. They believe that you have your AI agents, your AI instruments, and your AI robots. In fiscal year 2026, this was a little bit above $1 billion of annual reoccurring revenue for Nvidia. They believe in the future this could be a 100 billion annual reoccurring revenue and that's just the healthcare market drug discovery using AI solutions doing some form of robotic surgeries with AI robots doing some form of healthcare patient uh talking with your AI agents and again that's one industry there's so many industries in the world and all of these could be hundreds of billions of dollars if the AI market continues to evolve Nvidia believes we're eventually we we have right now hundreds of million dollar millions of cars on the road. What happens when they all become some form of AI smart car, billions of robots expected to be in the future in the homes in the consumer? What kind of compute do you need for that? Millions of robots in factories picking up and and selecting and creating stuff. How much compute do you need for that? How much compute do you need to be able to move warehouses around? And again, I I keep saying it, it keeps sound like a broken record, but these are just a few markets. There's so many sectors in the world, from energy, uh from exploration, discovery of new materials, and the list goes on and on. The great thing is Nvidia doesn't just sell the hardware with the software. They do have kind of a annual service. You have you pay about $4,500 per GPU for enterprise licenses. So it's kind of that recurring revenue also coming in. The other thing is they're working on simulation. A lot of these robots, they're going to be simulated in some form of digital world. And that's why Nvidia has created this omniverse. Now that AI is understanding the laws of physics, the laws of life, the laws of math, and everything else. You're able to create a lot of these simulations in the digital world. you're able to run these simulations thousands and thousands of time to finally get the right results and just do that in the physical result once you have that final result and all that simulation is going to need a lot and a lot of compute. So there's a lot and opportunities here. We can see the BMW group uses uh digital twins from Omniverse to their manufacturing lines. You see other companies as well kind of use it for other types of warehouse for design process for simulation robotics training and the list goes on and on. So if you're not excited about the AI market right now, I just don't know what to say. And obviously this episode is mainly focused on Nvidia because Nvidia is the leader and that's why my favorite thing about following Nvidia is I get to see how the market is evolving. But if you are, and I believe you are very smart, you're going to be able to take this information and say, "Look, the robotics market. I know a company that can definitely grow in the robotics market. If Nvidia is going to grow, I believe there's this second player that can definitely take market share. I believe the infrastructure that's going to be needed to build this type of manufacturing can grow a long way. So that's the great thing about Nvidia being the leader. It showcases that road map of where everything else is going." And that's why it's the f the company I cover almost on a daily basis. Now all that sounds good. What is their actual results right now about the AI space? I think the answer is yes. Stargate OpenAI just announced advances to make an extra 4.5 gawatt of power for their data center. 4.5 gawatt expansion. Nvidia has talked about in the past every gigawatt is about 30 to40 billion dollars of annual revenue in AI hardware. So now you're talking about 4.5 that's 200 plus billion dollars in theory on just AI hardware that is insane and that's just one company. What happens to XAI? What happens to all these other companies that are investing dramatically? Most recently, we had Google report earnings and Google mentions that their cloud had strong growth in revenues, backlog, and profitability. Its annual revenue run rate is now more than $50 billion. With the this strong and growing demand for our cloud products and services, we are increasing our investments in capital expenditure to approximately 85 billion, up from the 75 billion they talked about last quarter alone. So, in an extra quarter, they found an extra 10 billion because this market is growing. so quickly and they even mentioned in about next year for 2026 they believe it's actually going to be higher because the demand of AI continues continues to go stronger again you can think this bullish for Nvidia you can think this bullish for Broadcom as Brocom does provide a lot of AI infrastructure but it can be bullish for those that assemble some of these data center manufacturing parts who help power a lot of these data centers everything what we're seeing right now is indicating of a nice bullish sentiment in the AI space. And let me just back a little bit cuz obviously I sound extremely bullish and I am, but I also understand that the AI market and no market ever goes up on a straight line. There could be a quarter or two of supply chain ingestion of maybe a hiccup or so. That can possibly happen. And with the overall excitement in the AI space, with my excitement, I wouldn't be surprised if you see massive double-digit drops on those occasions. I believe those occasions would be buying opportunities though because the trend continues continues to point at an up direction. Now we also had TSMC the manufacturer of AI chips. They recently reported earnings and they mentioned their business in second quarter was supported by continued robust AI high performance computing related demand. And moving into the third quarter, we expect our business to be supported by strong demand for our leading edge process technologies. For that reason, this company is investing massively in building more capacity to build more AI chips. Another kind of company, one that many people might not know, SKH Highix, this is a company that provides AI memory, memory for the AI chips. revenue was up quarter over quarter 26% was up 35% year-over-year. They mentioned that the server market healthy growth as big tech rises spending despite macro uncertainties. That's also something to consider. All these big tech players are increasing capital expenditure even during an uncertain time. Imagine imagine a time when money is very cheap when lower when interest rates are extremely low. When the macroeconomics are no longer uncertain you see uncertainty on a strong consumer space. What do you expect will happen with the innovations and the wallet spending of AI market. I think it can grow even bigger and bigger. So like I mentioned while I am the maybe not the ultimate bull of the AI market I am very bullish that Nvidia in the long term of things could be a bigger player than it is right now. Obviously with this AI market there is risk innovation is happening at such rapid levels. So there could be some changes and that's why unfortunately for the AI market you have to keep your eyes open. You have to hear your keep your ears open. You have to understand what's happening in the ecosystem because if not, you're going to get weak-handed and you're going to get to sell out during deepseek moments. So, it's crucial to understand everything and that's why you need to subscribe to this channel. I hope you guys appreciated the episode. I am having so much fun with this episode, right? It really does kind of show the excitement that I have for this industry, why I follow the semiconductor market. And you're not going to get this type of free information anywhere else. This is the best place you're going to find any semiconductor news, especially especially when it deals with the AI space.