If you're an AI or semiconductor investor, today was a really, really great day. I mean, we have AMT up nearly 5%. Micron Technology over $300 up 10%. Intel, your favorite, yeah, I know your favorite semiconductor stock over 7%. ASML up over 9%. The list goes on and on and on and on. And on today's episode, what I want to do is break down into two topics. The first topic just give an overall market commentary. I mean we see core up roughly 12%. The second thing I want to take a closer look at is there was a stock that completely completely failed in 2025 due to a lot of AI bear thesis. Now on today's episode I want to see if there is a chance a chance for a turnaround story. Is there a chance that this stock could be completely mispriced? Let's take a closer look at the data and you let me know in the comments below. So let's take a closer look in today's episode. I want to thank the Mly Fool for sponsoring this video and check out fool.com/hose for the 10 best stocks to buy now. With that link, you get a promotional offer for their subscription service. Now, let's continue with today's episode. All right, so everybody, welcome welcome to the second day of January, but the first trading day and for us AI and semiconductor investors, it was actually pretty damn amazing. Now, we see coral reef up roughly 11.5%. And then I will take a closer look at some other stocks in a bit. But first, I just want to say thank you all. Thank you all for the comments in my last video. In my last video, I talked a little bit about how I want to change up the way I talk um due to some commentary and some feedback that were was provided before. Uh and I was going to try to reduce saying the word on and on and on and on. And sorry, my little one's super excited. I think he just saw the portfolio. He's super excited with how things are if he's heard that little scream. But um yeah, first I want to say thank you for the support. So many people were saying, "Oh, say don't worry. We're here for the content. You can speak however you want. You can make mistakes with all these words. You can mispronounce every word as long as the content is great." That's all what I'm here for. Appreciate that. But let me just say one of the things I want to do in 2026 is get a lot more do a lot more interviews with professionals with executives in different semiconductor companies and just little things that I can improve I think can help get those interviews and get a lot of those questions and a lot of great content for you. So I hope you guys are enjoying this. I hope you guys are going to enjoy this year for for this channel is going to be crazy and the content I'm going to be providing is going to be high value completely for free here. All right. So, first thank you for that love. Appreciate appreciate it. And again, my little one is screaming right now. I think he really is enjoying the portfolio. But we can see corore was up roughly 11%. We did see the overall semiconductor ETF, SOXX was up roughly 4.2%. There were some other a lot of AI data center plays that were just killing it. Iron for example, up 12%. I think Nebus was also up a nice amount. If I look, Mara holdings up about 10%. Uh, and here we have Nebas up about 7.6%. You had AMD up 5% at one point. I don't think there's anything new happening right now. It's just the market just expects this to be a great year for AI. We do. So, I don't there wasn't any crazy news. And I would say don't have days like today make you feel like your stocks are bad, right? For example, maybe somebody might own Nebulus. It's like ah up 7% only when iron is up 12%. 7% is a killer. Never go chasing and never compare to something else. If you own a company and it's up a nice amount today, relax, enjoy. Hopefully, this is the way the ride is going to go for 2026. So, comparing what what do you say? A comparison is the killer of joy or the the thief of joy, whatever that saying is. Make sure not to compare your portfolio with others. You have your own investment thesis. You have your own investment way. Your financial story is different from others. So, just celebrate yourself. I'm definitely celebrating my wins. Even though there might be other positions that are doing a lot better. Uh, for example, Nvidia was only up 1.1% but 1% for my portfolio is a nice nice movement when some of the other stocks, I mean, we have Microsoft down roughly 2.3%. We have Amazon down roughly 2%. So, no need to compare, no need to have the biggest winners. Just be excited and happy with your overall portfolio. Now, with CES happening next week, actually Monday, right? I think it's Tuesday. I will be flying out on Sunday. I should be at CES Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday. I do have some interviews with a few Nvidia uh people. I'm not going to say who. No, it's not Jensen, but we got some cool interviews lined up that I'm going to share to this channel. But if anybody, anybody here that might be a viewer that has any connections with anybody at AMD, maybe at Qualcomm or somebody, let me know in the comments below. Hopefully I can reach out and get some more interviews as well. But I will be there. I will be collecting a lot of information, hopefully a lot of alpha for the channel here. Now, also with CES in mind, I'm going to say there might be a lot of hype news for the AI market. a lot of hype expectations, a lot of hype expectations for these upcoming stocks, at least in the short term of things. So, be careful with the volatility right now. Um, long-term, super excited for the sector. Short-term hypeness usually doesn't end well. Um, so, yep, that's my commentary right there. Now, the second thing I want to take a closer look at, and actually there was a third thing. Now, then, uh, this one I didn't mention. So, I I was thinking about it uh and I was reading a few posts. Nvidia, we we talked about Nvidia, the H200. AMD also has their AI chips that are now being accepted into China. If China accepts, it's a whole different story, but they have the they have the path to do that. This is a market that has been completely constrained for various reasons. And another market that has been constrained completely has been the memory market. So if now we are reopening the AI chip space to China and that is such a huge market, what is that going to do with memory shortage? I think it's just going to amplify it even more and more and more and more. Uh because I mean obviously the H200 uses HBM3e. I believe the MI325 uses the same thing. And I I I'm going to guess maybe that's one of the excitements that's happening with Micron. The overall stock uh is like I mentioned up over $300 today. Why? Oh, because I'm looking at it $315 up 10%. This is crazy crazy crazy news. Uh so congratulations to all Micron shareholders. You have an amazing amazing day up roughly 10% on the day. But I think it's just this excitement that the shortage is going to continue due to the massive demand of AI happening everywhere and everywhere and everywhere. So now to the third topic and this is one that maybe I might get some flame on, maybe I might get attacked on Adobe, right? I just want to share my overall thoughts. I would love to hear your comments because I don't know everything but again I just want to provide data and I would love to hear the feedback from you. Now Adobe in the past year sucked. It sucked completely. This is a stock that was down roughly 24%. uh from its overall 52- week peak, the stock is down roughly 28%. In the past five years, from its past 5-year peak, the stock is down roughly 51%. If you've been a long-term investor on this one, you suck, right? That's pretty much what it is. Past 5 years, the stock is down roughly 33%. You might as well just invested in the S&P 500 and you would have done a lot better than this. Um, but I I I'm wondering if things are changing now, right? Right now with a market cap of 139 billion, one of the biggest biggest bearish case for Adobe has been AI is going to eat its lunch, right? That's it. It's going to destroy this. This is going to have no moat. This is going to have no value in the future. And I'm going to provide some data to showcase maybe the opposite side. And I would love to hear your comments in there. So first, all this great information is possible thanks to fiscal.ai. This is a platform I use on the daily basis. So, make sure to check out fisco.ai/jose. If you are serious about investing now, if you're serious about AI investing, you're going to want to join my community at whatthechiphappen.com. I have uh 33% off if you use the code 2026. Just that's it. 2026 whatthechipappen.com for the annual subscription. I already put my updates for 2026. for for January of 2026. Every month I'm going to let the memberships know what I'm going to be doing. What are you going to be in? What are you going to be expecting for that month? For this month, I personally believe thanks to the huge demand of HBM, there's going to be a huge demand in things like advanced packaging equipment and HBM testing equipment. So, this month I'm going to be doing heavy research on those two. I will be sharing those deep dives on that platform on that community. The second thing I am working on finishing the courses on semiconductor investing. Third thing is earnings are starting up. Earnings are going to be starting up next week. I think we have not next week the week after I think we have air test system. We have uh TS uh Taiwan semiconductor. If you're part of the community this month is going to be crazy with some crazy updates. Now again, use code 2026 and you do get 33% off the annual subscription. Now jumping back here to Adobe, why I believe the market is kind of eh a little bit wrong at least in the bearish thesis. We are looking and we can see I know we can see is another word. We can see that trailing 12 months of revenue for this company $23 billion in November 2025th. This has this continues to go up right every quarter when you're looking at 12 months. That is insane. And I believe for this upcoming year, fiscal year of 2026, they expect somewhere around $26 billion. So continue to see massive growth in their revenues. Now, because of the massive bearish thesis, this company's valuation has gone down dramatically, but they're still very strong in operating cash flow. So if you look at forward price to operating cash flow right now it's sitting at 14.28 when the median is 25.16. This is extremely cheap. The cheapest it's been for nearly a decade. And some people might say Jose you're looking at operating cash flow but this company's probably burning a lot of free cash flow investing in all this AI models and all this. But if we look at the free forward price to free cash flow right now sitting at 14.24 24 where the median is 27.8. So very similar forward free cash uh forward price to free cash flow is amazing for both valuations. Um so valuations look extremely attractive very similar to forward PE ratio forward P ratio 14 medium 23.6. No matter what ratio you look at operating cash flow free cash flow earnings the story is still the same. This is cheaper than it's ever been. Again, understandably so. You can look at the past 5 years and the stock has underperformed, but at least the financials show a different picture. Free cash flow and trailing 12 months continue to improve. November of 2025, if you look at 12 months, was $9.8 billion in free cash flow. That is wild. Where for example, the 2012 months of 2024 was 7.8. So, they have grown their free cash flow. their revenues in all that meant from subscription revenue um digital media to digital experience continue to go up on a sequential basis. The company one bearish thing though I would say is they have increased their debt by a nice amount right now we can see that in the most recent quarter November 2025th they had roughly 6.2 2 billion dollar in long-term debt where the quarter a year before they were around 4.1 billion. So they have decreased their cash uh their total cash and cash equivalents and they have increased their debt. Um and they but they are buying back more and more shares over time. So they have been increasing those buybacks. They're seeing something in the price uh in the stock price. So first looking at numbers, nothing there scares me. Nothing tells me it's a dying business. There's nothing that I again I would be salty about if I was a business owner. Now, if I was a shareholder, obviously the share price in the past 5 years has sucked. And is this going to be the year where that changes? Maybe, maybe, especially, especially because of this commentary that we have here in in their most recent quarter. So I have highlighted right now but their CFO mentioned that total new AI influence annual reoccurring revenue now exceeds onethird of their overall book of business as they integrate AI deeply into their solutions and continue to launch new AI offerings. So AI is driving is driving a nice amount of new net bookings in their annual reoccurring revenue. That is wild. I think that just showcases that this company is definitely benefiting from this AI race. If you kind of continue to see growth accelerated year-over-year driven by strong demand for AI influence offerings including Creative Cloud Pro, Acrobat and Express as well as AI first products including Firefly. And when combined with strong net new digital experience in quarter 4, they delivered a record new total Adobe annual reoccurring revenue in the quarter. The great thing, the great thing about this is they even talk about it a little bit more that they are seeing customers pay more for generative credits in AI and either they're paying for more credits or if not upgrading to a higher tier of membership because they want to use more credit solutions. They even mentioned that generative credits are a great indicator of high value usage and credit consumption increased 3x quarter over quarter in their most recent quarter. The other thing is this is a company that's not only using their own AI models, they are creating this toolbox and recently is recently another word you guys can let me know. Uh recently they've significantly expanded multiple models. They have their Firefly which is their own models but they have over 25 leading partner models including ones from Google, from OpenAI, from Black Forest Labs, from Luma, from Runway, from Topz Labs, from 11 Labs and the lab and the labs go on and on and on and on. So they're not going to, in my opinion, they're not going to be eaten by AI. they are going to implement all these AI models into their system. And people who are serious about these massive creating projects, they're going to come to Adobe. Maybe they're not for your average Joe that just wants to make a quick image or that just wants to make a quick poster, but for the professional side, this is it. Now, I I I said I wanted to be a little bit more definitive this year, but I at the same time, you know me, I'm pretty I I I like to weigh both sides. I understand the concept of the AI eating Adobe and we definitely kind of saw the fear in 2025 especially with the stock price but I think the way the quarter 4 ended quarter 4 could be that spark that changes the thesis if we see certain similar commentary in quarter 1. I believe this is the year for Adobe to make a turnaround story. Um, but it's crazy when to the the biggest fear here is this is a stock that again in the past 5 years if you've been an investor you have it has sucked. It sucks dramatically. Even if you purchase at the bottom, right? I mean, even if you purchase some of these bottoms where we saw bottoms in 2022, you're only up about 17%. So, not a position I'm looking to add on right now, but it's definitely heavy on my watch list, especially as I continue to look for a software play for the overall portfolio. Uh, so let me know your thoughts. Let me know what are you guys excited about. Are you guys and before we end the episode, let's end on a good note. Let's not end on a bad Adobe note. Let's end on what was your top performer today. Let me know in the comments below what was your top performer. I think for me it was coreweave. It was cororeweave or was something else? No, coreweave for sure. Was there something else? Let me just look at my portfolio really quickly. What was my best performer of the day? Yep, coreweave was my first with around 10%. Number two was Air Test System up roughly 9.7%. Number three was Solaris Energy up 9.3%. Nebas, Wi-Fi, Marll, and then AMT. Um, so not all of them were double digits. I did have two double digits. Corweave and uh, nope, just Cororeef one and one close to it air test system. So, I hope you guys enjoyed today's episode. Take care and yeah, let's have a great 2026,