Nvidia stock is the first company to hit $4 trillion market cap. We also do got some recent updates in the AI space from the Chinese market, more importantly from AWS. And in today's episode, I also want to take a closer look at a semiconductor company that dropped nearly 20% after reporting earnings that I think every AI investor should know. So, let's take a closer look in today's episode. I want to thank the Mly Fool for sponsoring this video and check out fool.com/hose for the 10 best stocks to buy now. With that link, you get a promotional offer for their subscription service. Now, let's continue with today's episode. All right, so the main story, like I mentioned, is Nvidia was the first company to hit $4 trillion in market cap. And this kind of just showcases how bullish the market is in the AI space right now. Unfortunately, unfortunately, it did not close there. It finished at roughly $3.97 trillion almost there. And I do believe with the after hour movement we will see $4 trillion tomorrow again. Now that was the main topic but there was another excitement uh coming in here for Nvidia in general. There were some news and let's just pull up the news really quick that Financial Times reported Nvidia's Jensen Hang plans a Beijing trip ahead of new China AI chip launch. So, as we're going to see, two things are happening. First, Nvidia is planning a trip to China, which is very common uh for him. I mean, there's still a big opportunity in China as well. But there's also report that we are going to get a new AI chip uh entering that space. And this is something we've actually talked about in this channel numerous times ago. Uh we can see that this is going to be either known as the B30 or the B40, the variant. And the name is kind of shifting every time I hear the reports. But we can see as early as June and even before then, we were hearing reports that Nvidia was developing a new AI chip for China that would bypass the new regulations. And some of those ways that we saw was memory was no longer going to be using things like HBM and was going to be using more like some form of advanced GDDR7 which is kind of like a consumerbased memory to help kind of improve the probability of it bypassing kind of the export restrictions. And some might be saying Jose uh Jensen mentioned that the hopper is no longer or the H20 is no longer going to be fixed. And that's true, right? That's not the case. The H20 is done. that's no longer a thing and it had made no sense for Nvidia to develop a new AI China chip with the hopper architecture. What it means to them is that they can redesign and create an alternative for the black wall space. Now I kind of highlighted a few things that came out from this Financial Times report. First uh we we kind of see that Nvidia in forms of market share in China has slipped from 95% four years ago to 50% in most recent quarter due to things like uh or the most recent uh news updates due to kind of the export restrictions and with this B30 B40 AI chip to China sales of this new product will not will not commence before September as Nvidia sought seats assurance from the Trump Trump administration, right? The last thing you want to do is create a chip. And right after you make the chip, and remember, creating a chip takes time. You got to design it, and then you got to build up these inventories. Then you got to take all these orders and send them over time. So, it seems like Nvidia wants to make sure that the Trump administration is a-okay with this because the last thing they want to do is manufacture and have massive inventory on a chip that just a week or two weeks later gets banned right away. Uh unfortunately I would say with this ad administration even if they get the okay right now depending on the mood of the top leaders it could change if China was to do something that maybe the current leadership might deemed um aggressive or or or disrespectful it can kind of turn that switch off. So I do want to say it's it's cautious with this market. Be cautious right with this market. Right now, the Chinese pace is almost a non-revenue market for Nvidia when it comes to data center solutions. So now there is a tailwind potential if it starts back up. But when it starts back up, then you also have the potential risk now added that when it could be turned off, right? So it's always the sentiment will always be shifting. Now, because the performance of this is going to be weaker down, uh clients are uh the demand for this chip is not expected to be as high as the previous product, the H20, which makes sense. If you're selling a weaker chip, um you're you're not going to sell as many. But but it does seem like Chinese players are willing to buy this chip because it's sometimes even more expensive to kind of leave the Nvidia CUDA software system or kind of software stack. So it it kind of showcas you you don't need to even have the best chip in the market, but you need to have the best ecosystem. All that creates a reason for customers to go for you. So I thought that was pretty interesting and I just want to share my overall thoughts. I do believe if we start to hear more about this B20, it will be one of the reasons that we continue to see maybe a nice pump up and fuel up on the overall stocks. This could be a ma a massive tailwind if we finally get the green light from Nvidia about this. Now, I want to go to the next topic, but first I just want to say thank you so much for the support here. If you haven't, make sure to hit the thumbs up and the subscribe button. We just hit 70,000 subscribers. I'm trying to hit 75 by the end of the year. Check out my free newsletter, whatthechipappen.com. And if you want an amazing amazing platform for all your investment needs and forms of data platforms, collecting great charts, make sure to check out fiscal.ai/hose for 15% off. I promise you, you're not going to regret it. It's a great great platform. I use it every single day. Now, the next topic I want to talk about is Amazon. So, Amazon impressed me a lot today. So, Amazon dropped about a 8minute video today introducing new black solutions that they have on their data center space. So, they announced the GB200 which is that NVL72 72 GPUs connected in one. My favorite favorite Nvidia product. Actually, I'm going to say the GB300 is soon to be my favorite favorite product. Then they also mentioned that earlier this year they did announce the B200 instances. So you can see how it takes time after the RAM production for these cloud players to actually have a system up and running and general available. This is general available. They did have previews earlier. Now it it just showcases uh this great partnership between AWS and Nvidia. But more importantly, what really excited me here is that one of the biggest t um constraints in the AI market is liquid cooling. And I would really recommend anybody who hasn't to watch the video. Uh they talk uh Amazon talks about how they kind of redesign their own liquid cool solution so they don't have to buy anything off the shelf. So they don't have to kind of redesign anything in their old data centers to add liquid cooling capabilities into their solutions. And I really thought that was very innovative. I've never had any other company kind of showcase the type of results and how they did it like Amazon did. So kudos to them. Um I I I think it's pretty strong. I am not an Amazon individual shareholder, but I do own the MAX 7 ETF, so I do own a good exposure there. But Amazon, if it does get cheap, I can see this kind of being one of my top players as well within the MAX 7. They are definitely definitely uh moving things in the right direction. They also, if you want to kind of screenshot here or or or pause this video at this moment, they do kind of give a breakdown of when you would want to use the GB200 and when you might want to use the B200. Too long, don't read B2. The B200, GB200 is great when you're doing massive AI training and inference. The B200 is when you want to do a broad range of AI workloads and you want to still use your x86 architecture and software stack solutions. uh the the B2 uh 200 instance is equipped with Intel's Seeon processor. Uh so pretty interesting there. Uh and that's what I have for Nvidia right now. Now the final thing is we do know that Elon mentions that later today in about an hour or so maybe it might be happening while I am releasing this video Gro 4 will be released. Uh, and I'm pretty excited to listen what Elon and the XAI team say about this. Now, the final thing I want to talk about is a semiconductor company that I follow, Air Test System, recently reported earnings, and unfortunately, the stock was down roughly 12% after reporting earnings. Now, the market, we can see revenue was down 11% year-over-year. The great thing though, the company has transformed from over 90% silicon carbide to a company where now their solutions are being used in AI processors and represent over 35% of total revenue. A quick background, this is a company that makes semiconductor equipment that is used for a stress test. That's the easiest way to think about it, a stress test. They go about it in a very unique manner and that's what makes them unique. Um but their burden in test their main market used to be silicon carbide which is very crucial for electric vehicles and right now we know that the electric vehicle has been pretty weak. That's why you see a draw down in revenue year-over-year. Now recently they started to expand that burn-in test into other proc into other solutions. One of those processors is AI chips and they're actually getting some strong sentiment here. One of the customers has accepted uh has validated and now is they're expecting orders to be coming in pretty soon. And they also have two other um customers of AI chip players using this and testing it out and validating. The validation could take a few months and then another few months before orders come in. But they are diversifying. Now the bullish thesis is like I mentioned the AI processor market. The other thing is there's huge diversification possible in things like silicon photon photonix and gallium nitride which is GAN power solutions. And again this is why I'm I I own this stock. Uh even though it's down about 12% overall um from from the highs the stock is higher than it was a month ago. Uh so it's all about timing. I really like air test system. I really like kind of the massive growth opportunities the diversification that they're doing. Uh the biggest bearish concerns are obviously the market challenges like I mentioned revenue decline due to the silicon carbide still being a core market for them. They're seeing some weakness due to things like tariffs. Taros in fact obviously a lot of kind of automotive demand. So you're going to see uncertainties with how that might handle things. So the company did decide not to provide financial guidance for the upcoming quarter and year. You're also seeing kind of cash burn as their core business has kind of slowed down. But but to me all those things kind of outweigh or are outweighed by the growth opportunity. So I like this air test system. Um if if it drops down a little bit more, I might increase my overall position. I am up on this stock, but I really like what I heard. In the short term, I'm still it seems like the stock is still going to be bearish, right? The automotive market is still pretty weak. In the long term, there's a lot of optionality. And you guys know me as a growth investor. I like optionality. So, I hope you guys enjoyed today's episode. Take care. Have a good day. And see you all next time.