All right, Intel had a great day with the stock up roughly 6%. Is this an early indication of the Intel turnaround story. I also want to take a closer look at Micron. The company is reporting earnings later tomorrow. And I want to do a quick preview of what investors should expect. And finally, unfortunately, Wall Speed is getting is getting ready to file bankruptcy. Uh, and there are some things that investors should know here. So, a lot of drama happening in the semiconductor market. Let's take a closer look in today's episode. I want to thank the Mly Fool for sponsoring this video and check out fool.com/hose for the 10 best stocks to buy now. With that link, you get a promotional offer for their subscription service. Now, let's continue with today's episode. All right, so let's start off with Intel, right? The stock was up roughly 6.4% and today was a really, really great day for semiconductor investors. So, if you are a semiconductor investor, make sure to let me know in the comments below some of your semiconductor stocks that were up a nice amount today. So the overall industry was up but Intel was definitely up there up 6.4%. And one of the main reasons the stock obviously there's a lot of macroeconomics but there have been some pretty interesting news not just today but in the past uh few days about Intel kind of turning things around. Earlier today, we did get kind of this presentation from Counterpoint Research talking about the global foundry market revenue share and ranking. And it kind of showcases the ranking from quarter 1 of 2024 up here into quarter 1 of 2025. Now, if we look at quarter 1 of 2025, TSMC continues to lead the market with roughly 35.3% of the overall market share. Now, some people might be wondering, Jose, what is this um what is this? Doesn't TSMC own more than 50% of the market share? That is true if you're only talking about wafer manufacturing. But if you're talking about the vast uh processes of manufacturing in the semiconductor industry, like things like advanced packaging solution uh and so much more, TSMC is still the leader by far, but it's down to 35.3%. Now there's no one close to here but Intel is now number two where a quarter ago it was actually ASSE. So ASSE does a lot of advanced packaging and obviously with the innovations in AI technology that has or or the needs or the demands from AI chips has pushed ASC to ASC to really become a massive player here due to advanced packaging solutions. But Intel is now back in second place with 6.5%. It is important to note though that Intel most of this is most likely coming from their internal revenue right does make their own chips. Uh they do outsource some to TSMC but because of their own chips that is their number one customer they are about 6.5%. They also do have some really strong advanced packaging. But throughout this counterpoint research as well, some great things that they mentioned is one, Samsung is definitely definitely lagging behind here a bit in a lot of the advanced manufacturing lines is what they mentioned. And the second thing is Intel is definitely doing really well with a lot of their advanced packaging solutions. And more importantly, there seems to be some great sentiments about 18A. Uh so all that kind of becoming a number two eliminating kind of Samsung from kind of these discussions kind of creates a nice bullish thesis for Intel. Now if you are an Intel shareholder congratulations um personally not um but there are some other updates. There are a lot of things of Intel or reports of Intel laying off employees. So the first thing is Intel notified manufacturing employees this month that it plans to slash the workforce in the business unit by as much as 20%. Last week Intel also told marketing employees that it will outsource its marketing to consulting firm Esenture and earlier today it was reported that Intel will shut down its automotive business layoff and lay off most of the department employees said. So overall, Intel is really focusing on kind of cutting a lot of expenses. Uh, and they're either outsourcing a lot some of these solutions and getting rid of anything that they might consider as dead weight. Um, I do want to say unfortunately sometimes this is definitely good for cutting down the meat, but it also creates maybe a negative sentiment and work culture where it's like, wow, you're laying all these people off. I'm no longer a true employee here. I'm just a number. Right? So it kind of creates this negative sentiment in work culture. So I wonder how the overall teams are taking these layoff approach. Now the final thing I have here for Intel is on June 18th, Intel did announce a series of leadership appointments to align a focus in strengthening their customer relationship and becoming more engineering focused company. I'm actually really liking Lee Bhutan. I don't own the stock but I think in in terms of engineering focus, he is going in the right direction. They mentioned that they hired about four or five new key engineering leadership roles. Uh so one of them for example joins Intel from Cadence Design where he led global silicon engineering and now he will lead a new customer engineering center of excellence and and and join the Intel executive team um reporting to Ton. Then we also have someone who has named VP of AI systems. He will be responsible for managing the development of multiple system on chips that will be part of Intel's AI roadmap. He joins from rain AI an innovative startup where he led AI silicon engineering. We also have someone who has been named the VP of AI fabric and networking. He will lead the development of innovative system on chip architectures for Intel's AI GPUs and forwardlooking roadmap. He joins from Google where he led silicon engineering, architectural design and platform solutions across multiple mobile systems on chips. So overall we are seeing Lee Bhutan doing a few things. First he's focusing on cutting markets that he doesn't believe are important for the business and second he is definitely pushing forward to the AI ecosystem. Now in my opinion the AI ecosystem is going to take him a while. It takes multiple years to develop something and to even kind of get it to mass production, but it is kind of a great indication for the future of Intel. I don't think anything here right now outside of that kind of maybe ranking is more of short-term that could actually impact the stock right away. I think everything else is more long-term thesis for the stock. Now, I want to kind of jump in here to Micron Technologies. And if you are enjoying the episode, make sure to do a few things. If you can hit the thumbs up and subscribe button, I'm trying to hit 75,000 subs by the end of the year. I also do have some pretty cool promotional offers in the link below and a free newsletter. The description and the link have all that information. So now I want to look at Micron Technology. Micron Technology just like the rest of the industry was pretty strong today up nearly 5% and after hours the stock is up about 7%. We are seeing that the stock is kind of getting back to its overall or 52- week high. We're around $144 on closing. We're sitting right in right there. I'm not going to a little bit scary to see kind of this massive massive rally up that just happened in a matter of like a month or two from April lows. The stock is up nearly 100%. Now, Micron is expected to report earnings tomorrow, and I don't own Micron, but I definitely talked about this stock being bullish under those $100 price point. That is already a nice around 20 30% gain right now. Now with Micron, we can see earnings per share uh revenue is expected to be somewhere around 8.8 to 8.9 billions of dollars and that would be kind of a record quarter for them in in the past few quarters and it's also a nice sequential growth rec there. The other thing that we are seeing and for those that are not familiar this is fiscal.ai. Make sure to check out fiscal.ai Jose for 15% off. I use this platform on the daily basis. But here we can look at earnings per share and for this quarter we're expecting around 1.59 1.6 uh dollars in earnings per share. Now guidance for the next quarter is actually expected to be much higher. So we are expecting kind of that guidance to be somewhere around $2 in earnings per share and revenue for next quarter is expected to be closer to about $9.9 billion. So there's a lot and a lot of expectation both in beating these numbers but after that massive runup obviously we need to have more in more bullish sentiment of the guidance as well from management. Now the last time management kind of talked to uh to us was on May 14th during a 53rd annual global technology media and communication conference. A few things I want to highlight that happened here. First, the company is now doing kind of a business unit reorganization. The way they are report reorganizing the business units is more segment focused and I'm actually pretty excited. They're going to have the high-end computing core data center, the client which is smartphones and PCs and automotive and embedded. So, this is to overall provide better understanding of how each market is kind of growing. So, I'm very very excited about that. The only other thing that I want to see and hear about is more discussions about the HBM market and as a AI stock investor that is something that is super uh super important. Um so HBN market kind of looking at the news segments and seeing the guidance that they give us are going to be crucial for the overall AI ecosystem. So there are some recent reports and this is what the chip happened my free newsletter right now based on option traders they have traded about a 8 plus plus or minus 8% move on earnings so it definitely is going to be a very volatile um the company on June 12th did announced that it started shipping samples of HBM4 first in the industry reportedly so that is going to be crucial to hear more about they also uh reports by trend force have reported that server DAM is expected to be up in the third quarter of this year which is obviously bullish for Micron and there are also reports that the nan market is turning things around and we might start to see some bullish sentiments in prices for this market as well. So there are now a nice amount of tailwinds focusing on Micron Technologies in various aspects where NAN is finally maybe kicking uh is at least breathing u DRAM is seeing improvements in prices and HBM continues to be pretty pretty strong. Now, the final company I want to take a closer look at is Wolves Speed. So, Wolves Speed right now is in the 60s. This is a penny stock. Unfortunately, the stock is doing a bankruptcy or is planning to do that. We finally got confirmation from that year to date the stock is down nearly 90%. And we can see here, so the company um is preparing a restructuring. And I'm going explain a little bit more of what's happening here, but I just want to showcase how we got here. right here. If we're looking at fiscal.ai, I'm looking at three things. Free cash flow, which is this negative number. Long-term debt, which is this orange, and total cash and short-term investment, which is the purple. So, we first thing that should pop and see is in the orange, you see a massive growth, and these are quarterly numbers, uh massive growth of debt over time. And while debt is increasing, you're also seeing a massive decline in cash and short-term investments, which in theory should be the opposite, right? Because if you are building massive debt, that means you are getting kind of cash to build that to build something. Um, but that wasn't the case, right? It seems like the company was just building debt to pay off things as this company had negative negative free cash flow in the billions on a on a 12-month basis, right? So, it wasn't performing good. And for those that are not familiar, this is a company that was it it it it made sense originally what they were doing. This is a company that focuses on the type of semiconductor product that is great for the EV market. And during a time of a week off, they were like, you know what? Let me take this opportunity to take a nice amount of debt, build a lot of manufacturing lines, increase my manufacturing equipment, so when the EV market turns around, I will be available to grow with it at massive levels. Unfortunately, the EV market and the auto hold of market have yet to turn around. So this company leveraged a little bit too early and did not have enough money to withstand the negative the longer negative downturn in the automotive segment. Now uh it's not necessarily the newest thing. We saw that the stock has been up down a nice amount throughout the whole year. Uh through their most recent earnings, the company did mention about capital structure concerns and the language in the 10Q report from this AI summary here on fiscal.ai. um it kind of already we already saw kind of a potential of a bankruptcy coming uh but no major update was made until recently. Now if we jump back into what the chip happened I kind of break it down. So Wolfie said it has signed a prepackaged chapter 11 aka bankruptcy plan with lenders holding over 97% of secured notes and 67% of convertible notes and top customers renaissance. The deal slashes 70% of debt and lets the silicon carbide chip maker seek court protection in the near future. So, what's actually happening is this company is going to give out the massive debt that it has back to the debt holders and in return is saying, "Look, I'm not going to pay you guys for these debt, but with the new company that we're going to create after the bankruptcy, you're going to own 95% of that post reorganization equity." That is insane because current shareholders end up with just 3 to 5% of the reorganized company. Unfortunately, this is what happens in bankruptcy. The typical shareholder doesn't get much. And we can say 3 to 5% is pretty pretty weak. Uh so just for those that might be wondering how what happens. So they have to file the petition uh for this chapter 11 and they mentioned they want to do it before July 1st. Now, once that happens, the New York Stock Exchange will suspend Wolf and shares will migrate to over-the-counter as Wolf Q, which the queue includes that it is a bankrupt company until a new equity listing is provided post exit. So, a lot of drama here and it's just an indication and just awakening. If you own companies that do have a nice amount of debt and the markets that they're in are not growing as quickly as they expected, it's the major major flame to burn out the company and make it a bankrupt potential. Uh so, it's important to look at balance sheets. It's important to understand the markets they operate because overleveraging can really burn a company down. So, I hope you guys enjoyed today's episode. It was a little bit of everything. Take care. Have a good day. And if you want to see an update that I have on AMT price target 200, make sure to check that out. I also do have a Google video of why I'm super bullish and why I'm buying at these levels as well. Make sure to check that out here as well. So take care and peace