This was probably the craziest craziest Intel earnings I've seen in a very very long time. And it's not necessarily because it was the worst earnings, but because a lot of changes are being implemented this quarter. And it's not small changes. I do believe the changes that are happening right now are going to be the changes that two three years from now we're going to say were either the best decisions for Intel investors or the worst decision. I do believe that these changes are what are going to completely completely transform Intel into a different company in the next few years and I want to take a closer look at all that plus more in today's episode. So, let's get started. I want to thank the Mly Fool for sponsoring this video and check out fool.com/hose for the 10 best stocks to buy now. With that link, you get a promotional offer for their subscription service. Now, let's continue with today's episode. Now, before we look at earnings, I want to say I am not an Intel shareholder, but one thing is I wouldn't put Intel out of the map. I believe there is the potential for the turnaround story. I've talked about it in numerous episodes when I've covered Intel that the turnaround story is something that will take multiple years. It's not something that you're going to see kind of a actual change happening in a quarter or two. the way the semiconductor market it takes a lot and a lot of years for these changes to finally take place. Now the company recently just had a new CEO Lee Bhutan and Lee Bhutan shared a letter to employees during earnings and I think this ear uh this letter is crucial for investors to read and we're going to start off here. Um but Lee Bhutan is their recent elected CEO. This is his second quarter here and he has a lot and a lot of experience in the semiconductor market as he was previously the CEO of Cadence. Now this gentleman as we can see it's not he's not in his early young ages young age right for him to be taking this position at his age in my opinion is he one he loves the challenge and two he does believe that Intel could succeed. I would personally believe that someone that age legacy is probably something very crucial and important and you wouldn't want to taint your legacy with your great kind of management and CEO with a company that you believe didn't have a turnaround story. So that's just my overall thoughts there. Um but let's kind of read the overall letter and I highlighted a lot of information. So they talk about the strategic pillars of growth. They mentioned that they will take fundamentally different approach to building their foundry business. Over the past several years, the company invested too much too soon without adequate demand. In the process, their factory footprint became needlessly fragmented and underutilized. So pretty big start off here and we're going to look at some of the numbers in a bit. Uh but there is some slowdown in capital expenditure happening in the foundry side. The main thing he's saying is prior management was a little bit too irresponsible. Maybe they got a little too excited too quickly and that's got to change especially especially since these types of investments are things that can cost tens multiple tens of billions of dollars. So I really like that change already. They mentioned that they will follow a systematic approach to growing their factory footprint that fully align with the needs of their customers. So pretty much if the demand is there, they're going to work with their customers to expand capacity. And that's pretty much what most manufacturing players do. There are no more blank checks. Every investment must make economic sense. We will build what our customers need when they need it and earn their trust through coexistent exe consistent consistent execution. Right off the bat, that makes a lot of sense. But we are going to it makes sense, right? Obviously, these investments, you probably went too heavy thinking that maybe 18A was going to see some dramatic growth. Uh 14A was going to see some crazy growth, but that's not the story that's happening right now. And that was a huge misstep by prior management. Now, the second pillar is to kind of re regrow this Intel x86 ecosystem. So he mentions he's directed our teams to define next generation product families with the clean and simple architectures, better cost structures and simplified skew stacks. In addition, I have instituted a policy where every major chip design is reviewed and approved by me before tape out. This is crazy. So you can see how this CEO wants to be truly involved with everything. Obviously, I am very excited about simplified skew stacks. If you look at Intel's kind of CPU stacks for the data center market, you're going to see sometimes even dozens and dozens of of of product numbers and and SKUs there. So, simplify that and kind of have a cleaner and simple architecture makes sense as well. So, everything we're seeing makes sense. The final thing he talks about is the refining of their AI strategy. We will concentrate our efforts on areas we can disrupt and differentiate like inference and agenic AI. Our starting point will be emerging AI workloads. Then we will work backwards to design software system and silicon that enable the best customer outcomes. We have a lot of work underway and we'll be sharing more about our plans in the coming months. So they do have an AI strategy and I like this AI strategy where the good thing right now in the AI market is this AI market is constantly evolving. It's not standing still. So instead of kind of worrying about the workloads that were many companies were chasing a year ago or two years ago and are still pretty crucial, what Lee Bhutan wants to do is kind of work on chips that will be great for the upcoming workloads. instead of kind of competing for the past, maybe try to have this similar start, which is not necessarily, but at least maybe a little better of a start by working on future emerging AI workloads instead. Uh, so everything he said makes makes perfect sense. Now remember, they mentioned that the overall company built a lot of manufacturing a little too quickly and they had a lot of underutilized uh equipment and now this makes sense. I did a live stream earlier with Neo and I I was kind of confused why Intel had to recognize approximately $800 million on non-cash impairments and accelerated depreciation charges related to excessive tools with no identified reuse and approximately 200 millions of onetime period cost in the second quarter of 2025. So this goes back this company just expanded too quickly. Even if the tools can be used, there's not the demand out there. So they are depreciating this a lot faster. Uh so again you can see that previously management might have been a little bit too excited. Lee Bhutan is not for that right now. Now just a quick look at kind of earned revenue for this company. We see client revenue is still the highest portion for them about $7.8 billion. And if you want to get these cool charts, make sure to check out physical.ai/ose for 15% off on their uh on any of their plans. I use this on a daily basis. If you're serious about investing, definitely check out fiscal.ai/hose. We can see the data center market is also grow uh is also uh sitting at about $3.94 billion on it did grow on a year-over-year basis. Uh so pretty good there. The foundry business is still sitting around that $4.3 billion, $4.4 billion, but remember most of their foundry business comes from internal. So there's no real external customers right now. The other thing that we are seeing, we are seeing kind of operating income kind of continue to go down for their client and computing business. But on the bright side, we do see that their data center market is improving. That might be very bullish in the short term for their data center market. We can see that Intel Foundry business is still pretty much burning cash unfortunately. So some pretty cool charts there. I just kind of wanted to show where we are in form of some of the numbers. Now there was some interesting thing that was found on their SEC file. So the company um they already released their their 10Q report and under management commentary the following was posted there. Under our more disciplined approach, we intend to invest capital in future node development and additional or upgrade manufacturing facilities only where we have a clear line of sight to an acceptable return on that capital. Makes sense, right? Only build out when you see that kind of return and money coming in for it. We expect to release the first skew of our first products manufactured on our new leading edge node Intel 18A by the end of 2025 and continue to develop its n derivative node Intel 18AP designed for future Intel products and external customers. We are focused on the continued development of Intel 14A the next generation of node beyond Intel 18A and on securing a significant external customer for such node. So we are still focusing on 18A and we are focusing on the next generation of 14A. Now this is where things get interesting. However, if we are unable to secure a significant external customer to meet the important um However, if we are unable to secure a significant external customer and meet important customer milestones for 14A, we face the prospect that it will not be economical to develop and manufacture Intel 14A and success for successor leading edge nodes on a go forward basis. In such events, we may pause or discontinued our pursuit of Intel 14A and successor nodes and various of our manufacturing expansion projects. While we continue to evaluate Intel 14A for use in future Intel products and their plans includes So again, this is crazy. This is the first time I personally have ever heard that Intel might no longer be a manufacturing company. If they don't see the massive demand that they believe can come from 14A, it will be game over for Intel Foundry. Now, that is something that would be insane because I do believe competition is very much needed here. Even though TSMC is the monster here, you never want a monopoly one way or another. And Samsung isn't helping either. Uh kind of failing as well. So you want competition no matter no matter um if you are an investor or not and I think that is going to be crucial. I do wish the success for here but this is the first time that there might be the potential that Intel might eventually just be a fabulous design company very similar to AMD and I thought that was pretty interesting. Now, on the bright side, the company mentions that even if they still develop 14A and they discontinue it, a lot of their products will be run on 14A and 188 through at least 2030. So, there is still plenty and plenty of opportunity for this to kind of turn around, but now management is giving that to investors and letting it know there is the possibility that we might kind of turn over to something else. Now, I have a pretty cool slide, but if you are enjoying the information so far, make sure to hit the thumbs up. Make sure to hit the subscribe button. I'm trying to hit 75,000 subs by the end of the year, I would truly appreciate it. If you want to support the channel a little bit more, and again, I appreciate it a lot. fiscal.ai/ose for that amazing offer. Again, I use it on a daily basis. And check out my free semiconductor newsletter, whatthechipappen.com. The links are down below. So now I have this AI investor breakdown. So we kind of saw this foundry transformation. One of the major things is the company has reduced construction in progress from $50 billion to $35 billion. So a huge huge reduction in future construction there. That's obviously very bullish if you want to save money. Intel 18A is production ready and production wafers are starting in Arizona ahead of Panther Lake quarter 4 launch. So pretty good there. Now the company did stop any Germany and Poland projects. Those were discontinued. Costa Rica will be consolidated to Vietnam and Malaysia. To be honest, I didn't know they had a Costa Rica uh plant. and the Ohio plant pace construction pace has slowed maintaining flexibility if they ever need to pick it back up. Now they also mentioned that they're trying to reduce their workforce to 75,000 currently at the end of 2024 it was sitting north of a 100,000 so massive massive layoffs. The second thing is management reduction by 50%. management layers have been reduced dramatically. And this is very important, right? Because let's say you have so many layers of manager position. Whenever you report to your manager, you always tend to say one good thing, what two good things for every one bad thing, right? So eventually if you have so many layers, all the bad things get lost and eventually you just say, look, everything's good, but you actually end up missing out a lot. Now they did reduce their capital expenditure by about $5 billion year to date. Uh and they do continue to expect some efficiency goals on operating expenses as they target about $16 billion and maintenance capex is 50% of the current $18 billion. Now again they talked about kind of that AI strategy. Luckily they still have about 55% of server market share though average selling prices did decline 8% year-over-year. They want to focus more on inference and agenic AI. Now in forms of product road maps, Panther Lake is expected to come out by the year end of 2025. Significant ramp of Lunar Lake is still expected right now as that's doing really good. Granite Rapids is currently wrapping up as planned with continued good demand. Diamond Rapids is expected in around 2026. and they do talk about Coral Rapids, the next generation platform targeted for 2028 to 2029 time frame. Uh so overall, I think the company is doing some massive changes right now. It really is. Uh I think if you are an investor at these levels, you're going to have to be extremely patient. I think any of these changes are going to take not just quarters, years to really see the results. I mean 14A 14A if that's really the big product that still is going to take some time to see how the world changes with some of the AI solutions they might announce that would take time if they finally start to be competitive in the technological space that would take time. So I do believe for at least this year this is pretty much going to be money that while it could go up in forms of volatility in the long term of things is pretty much going to be bad money at least for now. But I could see that as someone who is looking for a turnaround story and says look I want to invest in a company for the next 5 years. I don't care if the first three to four years I don't make much money but in that fiveyear if things succeed this could be a massive massive return there I think Intel will fit that pretty good I think for the foreseeable future it's going to be pretty much just moving with volatility some really good days some really bad days um but the real movements will happen two to three years from now and that would be the direction with a company sitting market cap of less than $95 billion now I can see the excitement But I just wanted to kind of say that excitement should be kind of tamed with patience. Uh so I hope you guys enjoyed today's episode. Take care. Have a good day. And maybe I'll do another episode on this and maybe what it means to AMD investors on another day. Um but I thought this was crucial for semiconductor investors. And I hope it gave you a lot of information. Take care. Have a good day and peace