If you're an Nvidia or AMD shareholder, you might have seen in the past 24 hours that there are reports that the United States plans to curb sales of AIGPUs into more countries, so increase export restrictions, and some might see this as an ultimate bare thesis. While I do believe there are some questions coming out of this, I'm going to say most of this is going to be headline risk opposed to actual revenue risk. So throughout this episode, I'm going to take a closer look at what the revenue is for all these companies in these affected countries. Also, we're going to take a closer look at some big companies making investments in countries like Malaysia and Thailand. And I just want to share my overall thoughts as well. So, let's take a closer look in today's episode. I want to thank the Mly Fool for sponsoring this video. And check out fool.com/hose for the 10 best stocks to buy now. With that link, you get a promotional offer for their subscription service. Now, let's continue with today's episode. All right, so first I just want to start off by saying happy 4th of July to everybody watching. Uh, thank you for all the support. We also just hit 70,000 subs. We're trying to hit 75,000 by the end of the year. I'm I'm hopeful that we're going to get there, but I just wanted to say thank you. Hopefully, you had a great time with your family and going to have a great time with your family this weekend. Now, the main topic is this right here. So there are reports that the United States is planning on doing some curb sales of AIG GPUs. The reports is coming out to Bloomberg and is that the United States government is preparing a new set of export report export rules that would tighten control over the exports of advanced Nvidia AIGUs. I'm pretty sure it's all AIGPUs. So you can include um you can include AMD in here as well and anybody that's going to kind of break that overall threshold to Malaysia and Thailand. And the main reason or the reason the United States government is going to do this is to prevent the re-export of these components to China amid existing bans. Now, Bloomberg also states that in this preliminary version, the US Commerce Department would require companies to obtain a US government export license before sending AI chips to the two Southeast Asian countries. And this is normal practice, right? Even with any export restrictions, it's like, sure, we'll do these export restrictions. All you have to do is get a license. Depending depending on how severe um the US government believes these countries are sending to maybe China or other adversaries, the likelihood of getting those licenses are pretty pretty low. Now, I am going to explain why I'm not too worried regardless in a bit, but first I want to kind of jump into the revenue breakdown. And actually, this is another reason. So, in terms of revenue breakdown here, we can look from fiscal.ai AI that I have a stack of Nvidia's revenue for the most recent uh from from last 12 months and here you can you see the United States you see China you see Taiwan and you see Singapore this little small amount about probably 5% of total revenue is other countries other countries include obviously Taiwan um uh Thailand sorry Thailand and Malaysia um but it includes a lot of other countries as well So theoretically in forms of revenue breakdown, you would think that those two countries are super small and you would kind of brush off this news. Similar with AMD, right? You kind of see other countries being such a small portion of its company's total revenue that you would brush it off completely. Now that would be the case if if the revenue recognition was on AI chips on where the chips are being shipped to, but it's not. It's where the billing is being sent to. And we kind of saw this with the Singapore revenue, right? Many bearish thesis were saying, "Look, Jose, the bearish um thing for Singapore is all these chips are being sent to Singapore and they're just shipping it to China." But Nvidia says, "Look, this is not the case. Singapore is usually a big billing place where all these even US-based companies bill over there. Um, but we ship the places somewhere else." So, in my opinion, I still believe Malaysia and and Thai and Thailand are going to be small part of overall revenue. Um, but not as small as many might think. Um, I do believe some of this Singapore revenue is actually chips being shipped to ch uh to Thai uh Thailand and to Malaysia. I am hopeful that maybe something like this will force Nvidia in the future to also even give us a breakdown of where ships are being shipped to. chips are being shipped to. Uh so we don't have to kind of do the guessing game ourselves. Um so before we go on a little bit more data though, I want to say if you haven't, make sure to hit the thumbs up and the subscribe button. If you want to check out my free newsletter, what the chip happened on the semiconductor and AI market, the link is down below. And if you want the pretty cool charts that I use on a daily basis for my videos and my investment platform, check out fiscal.ai/hose AI/Jose for 15% off any paid plans automatically. I use this platform on a daily basis and I you're not going to regret using this platform if you're really really in this investing game site. Now I want to talk about how this is even though we saw small revenue is coming from other countries. How Malaysia and Thailand uh Taiwan um Thailand or my apologies there Thailand are both crucial portions of data center revenue and the main reason is big cloud server providers like Oracle, like Microsoft, like AWS, like Google are building massive amounts of AI data center solutions in those countries. We could see Oracle to invest $6.5 billion to set up cloud facilities in Malaysia. We can obviously see Microsoft will launch first cloud region in Malaysia with three data centers by midyear around a $2.2 billion investment. We see that AWS region in Malaysia is expected to spend around 12.1 billion through about 2028 2038. Um so big cloud server providers are spending a lot of money in Malaysia building a lot of AI chips. You also have individual sovereign AI uh companies like YTL which I believe it's more of a Malaysian-based company is building a lot of supercomputers in that region. So even though right we saw that the Singapore uh that the Thai Thailand and the Malaysia revenue was pretty small in forms of other countries theoretically there is a lot of investments happening in those regions and this was just mainly in Malaysia. You're going to see very similar in Thailand as well. So there is some stuff to consider there and there are some risk but I do believe at the end of the day this is going to be more headline risk than actual revenue risk. So I think the first thing and we've kind of seen it with this current administration is AI chips and AI export AI technology is being used as a trade tactic. Both Thailand and Malaysia have yet to finalize a trade deal framework. So this could be used as a way to accelerate that and to be used as a trade tactic. The other thing is I personally don't believe it would be much of an impact if the data centers are US-based companies. Like we saw a lot of the investments coming are coming from Oracle, from Microsoft, from Google Cloud, from AWS. And if that continues, I believe the licenses are going to be um given. Maybe it might take an extra few weeks for it to get approved due to kind of just the paperwork and everything. But I think these data centers are still going to be a okay and it's not going to be much of a revenue impact. The biggest impact would be in forms of sovereign AI. maybe a company like Whit Seal Power where it's not a US-based data center um and other form of academics and research uh sovereign research that is happening in those markets and in those countries but I believe those are small portion of the total revenue so it really wouldn't be too much impactful the biggest risk I thought would have been to companies like Oracle and Amazon and Microsoft but again I think the US knowing that these are US-based countries are going to give the a-ok okay for them and that won't be a massive risk at all to these countries and again I believe it's going to be more of um trade tactic. Now there are some questions I have. So while the reports are showing that in this draft regulations do suggest that exemptions to these uh to these restrictions are going to be used to prevent supply chain disruption. And I think that is going to be super crazy, super important because AI servers, a lot of AI servers do get built in Malaysia and Thailand. A lot of these uh companies that build AI servers have facilities there. So theoretically, a lot of AI chips get shipped there even though you don't kind of get much of the chips being built out there or or or or run there, right? But they get at least built there. So my question is how will it it impact the supply chain line and based on the reports and the regulations or the draft on the regulations it does seem like that is trying to be prevented but there's always going to be some hiccup with something like this. So again I'm going to say it's more than headline risk um than actual revenue risk. And the reason I wanted even though I that's the case, the reason I brought up the other information is so you can be more informed if some of these things come to the sky to the highlight in the kind of medium of of articles or other type of media. If they start to say, "Look, but Oracle sends all these chips and blah blah blah and blah blah blah blah." I wanted to get you informed as quickly as possible. And again, I believe that those US-based companies, those US data centers are not going to have much to worry about except maybe getting that license. And I do believe those licenses would be approved um with the current administration as they wouldn't want to hurt US-based companies. And I could see this being maybe be more bullish for Oracle and Amazon and Microsoft because if this does come to truth, they're going to have less competition in those markets which will allow them to grab even more market shares in those regions. So, I hope you guys enjoyed today's episode. Take care. Have a good day and see you all next