This week is going to be crazy for AMD stock investors as we do have the AMD CES keynote with Lisa Sue, the CEO of AMD. Now, in today's episode, I just want to share my overall thoughts on what to expect and also some other news impacting this overall company. So, let's take a closer look in today's episode. I want to thank the Mly Fool for sponsoring this video and check out fool.com/hose for the 10 best stocks to buy now. With that link, you get a promotional offer for their subscription service. Now, let's continue with today's episode. All right, so first let's just start off with this past Friday. Friday was an amazing, right? The first trading day of the year, AMD was up roughly 4.3%. Uh we're sitting at $223. Now, in the past 5 days, the stock is up roughly 3.7%. Now, the excitement right now could be happening from a lot of things. Maybe one of those excitements is CES, which we are going to see, but I've talked about it in the past. In the short term, I don't know what happens to overall stock prices, but based on all the information that we've seen, all the different types of deals, the overall demand for AI infrastructure, I truly believe that AMD it has the track and the opportunity, the road to hit a trillion dollar company within the next 5 years. So, even with the current market cap, that's nearly a threebagger. So, let's jump in here to CES. Now, this is the main event happening this weekend. It's going to happen Monday, January 5th of 2026 at around 6:30 uh 6:30 Pacific time, 9:30 Eastern time. Luckily, Luckily, I will be live. Uh I I'm heading to Vegas. I'm going to be at CES and if I can make it here, I will be watching and taking pictures and getting a lot of great great information for you, the viewers. But from the information that AMD has announced is Dr. Elisa Sue, the C uh CEO of Nvidia will of AMD will be having the CES 2026 opening keynote. And here we're going to learn about AMD's vision for delivering future AI solutions from cloud to enterprise edge and devices. Now AMD has talked and throughout first they have obviously their keynote. Outside of the keynote they also have the trading show where they have showcase their overall solution spotlighting their products from the data center side from the edge side. So I will also be traveling throughout the trade show to be taking pictures here. But AMD talks that they're going to discuss about AIP PCs, about gaming, about data center, edge AI, and obviously their software and e uh software ecosystem for the AI market. Now, one thing that they're really trying to push is AMD advancing automotive. So, it does seem like the automotive market is going to be a big discussion here for CES, not just for AMD, but also for other players. And for the embedded market, AMD has the embedded x86 processors. They have their adaptive SOC's and they have various other solutions as well for the automotive market. Now, the next thing I want to do is take a closer look at the past two CES, actually the past three, and kind of showcase what AMD has presented so we can have some expectations that should match what really could be released. So typically CES is a consumer electronic trade show, right? So you typically hear consumer stuff. You don't hear too much about data center products during this time. For example, here during CES uh 2025, AMD talked about their AMD 9,950X 3D CPU. They also talked about their AI300 CPU for the laptop market. They talked about their Ryzen AMD Pro which was the CPU for the enterprise market and enterprisebased laptops with added security, added manageability and reliability for your modern enterprise players. And you also saw more adoption with players here in in in the consumer space. So in 2025, CES was pretty much just CPUs about the consumer world and that's typically what ends up happening on 2024. We actually saw very similar. The only added things is we did hear about again see here this is 2024 CES. We heard a little bit more about their AMD Ryzen. We learned a little bit more. Let's see what else they learned about. Again, it was obviously typically CPU space for the consumer market. We heard a little bit more about the GPU solutions for the consumer space and some adoption in the AI space for the overall consumer industry. But again, it was very consumerbased. Now, 2023 was a bit different. In 2023, you did have a lot of consumer stuff, but but AMD also in that moment released and announced the MI300, which was when kind of this AI market really started. So, some are hoping that this CES, not only do we get some consumer products, typically is going to be filled with 80% consumer stuff, but maybe we might have a little bit of data center updates. Now, one big difference here is Lisa Sue is actually doing the keynote, right? That Lisa Su did the keynote on 2023. In 2024, it wasn't uh was it Lisa Zoo? Uh, nope. It it was a mixture of of various players. And in 2025, it wasn't Lisa Sue either. It was uh the SVP Jack here who kind of talked a lot more about AMT. But here for 2025 you do have Lisa soon running the keynote and they do mention they do mention that they are going to talk about the clouding space. So there is the possibility that we might hear something about the MI 400 series which is the one that's expected to come out the MI450 which is expected to come out in about 6 to 9 months from now. Right? So, if we get some updates there, that would be pretty cool. But I'm hoping I'm hoping the market is not pricing too much excitement there as the chances of it happening are not that high. It's not impossible, but the chances are not that high due to it being a very consumer-based product. Now, again, short-term events like this tend to kind of drive the stock price do to hype. And if that hype doesn't meet the overall demand that was given, you kind of see stock prices go down. This short-term movement, I could care less about. I I don't really care about it, right? I I I don't care if it happens because as a long-term investor, I still see this as a trillion dollar market cap company within the next three to five years. Now, now I I I want to move a little bit more into some other things, but first, if you are serious about semiconductor investing, make sure to check out my platform, whattheappen.com. January, I already posted my January 2026 updates. We're going to learn about advanced packaging and HBM equipment research companies. I believe there's a lot of companies that can benefit from this crazy crazy wave of the memory shortage, especially the HB HBM shortage that many pimples might not be looking at. So, I'm doing a lot of research there. I'm releasing courses. We have earnings starting back up. I will be doing deep dives there. And right now, you you use code 2026 and you get 33% off to the overall community what the chip happened. Now the next thing I want to talk about I think this is actually going to be something that's going to be very heavily discussed maybe not by management themselves but by people around the rise of HBM the demand for HBM has created a massive shortage in PC memory. We've even seen reports that Corsair for example cancels PC orders and then hikes the price by $800 due to just the volatility in the memory space. We're seeing that Corsair now cancels discounts on the DR5 orders and claims web store error. The overall market doesn't know what to do because of this massive memory shortage impacting the overall consumer space which is pretty crazy because right this trade show is purely a consumerbased show. So, is it is this year going to be filled with a lot of paper launches because of the massive demand in price of memory? Or if not, if that's not going to be the case, are just these products going to be crazily valued due to the high bill of material here of memory at the moment? So that's something that I think if you are focused in the consumer space, you are going to want to keep a note out to see any updates here with consumer memory and how that's impacting the overall space. Next, going back to CES, they do have again CES, they're really focusing about showcasing their automotive solution in the this AI era. And in this AI era, they have a lot of things from their uh recent acquisition of Silinks uh a few years ago. So, we'll see about the AMD Verso AI Edge series Gen 2. They also talk about their embedded Ryzen processors. They also talk about their ultra scale sync, uh, which I believe is their FPGA systems. So, it seems AMD really wants to focus on the automotive wave right now. So for overall CES, I'm pretty excited. Not only because of the various interviews I have lined up with certain companies, not AMD unfortunately, but some other companies, but it gets I I get to see how the market is moving in technology and I will be bringing that information to you the viewers. Now I was looking at some websites to see what was expected. What are some of the things the market is expecting for AMD this CES? And the first thing is we're obviously expected more CPU solutions. So we expect to get the CPU for the laptop which is typically a APU and that's going to be Gorgon Ryzen AI 400 lineup. The 300 lineup has done amazing amazing for AMD. So we expected here to see the Gorgon uh lineup. Uh so that's going to be pretty cool. There are also expected to see more desktop CPUs uh for example the 3D versions of the 9000 series which would be uh pretty exciting. the market is not expecting or at least these these uh press press media is not expecting any GPU announcements due to the massive shortage in in memory but also most GPUs for them it seems to be not happening until mid2027. So that's crazy because obviously AMD is focusing more on the AI space. Now, at CES 2026, this analyst is expecting updates on their next generation Sen 6 Venice CPUs, which is their server CPUs, and maybe a little bit more about the MI400. Even if we don't hear about it during the event itself, there could be the possibility that we see the MI400 at the trade show itself. So, there could be some small updates there that could excite the market overall. Now, I did have a wild thesis and I would love to hear from from from you all right now. So, we're seeing that at least right now the PC market and anybody who's using kind of uh memory solutions, so your handheld devices, your laptop, even gaming consoles, laptops, desktops, gaming consoles, handheld device are seeing some form of shortage due to the memory are seeing some potential price hikes within the next few months due to the shortage. I wonder if this forces a lot of players and a lot of people to take a closer look at cloud gaming. I wonder if this is the push that says, "Look, maybe consumer products are going to move. If things continue to be more expensive, why don't we just do cloud gaming instead? Um, it's a cheaper way and I can guarantee to play everything with the best type of hardware available." Uh, so would be interesting to see if this is a shift that changes to the cloud gaming market. Now, let's see what else I have for you. So, AMD actually also announced a few other things. So, they they had a press release on December 31st where they talked about their journey in 2025, but their next steps in 2026. Overall, they just mentioned that in 2026, AI adoption will continue to grow, increasing demand for compute across companies, nations, and regions. This will require sustained investment in both research and production ready infrastructure. So AMD obviously is very bullish in the AMD in the AI space rightfully so. They also talk about quantum computing will remain an area of active research and long-term interest particularly in relations to future compute constraints. And the third thing the third thing so for quantum they're saying it's long-term thinking not something right now. what they say here, right? That's what they're saying. Now, the third thing is following the recent wave of generative AI breakthroughs, the next phase will be defined less by no novelty and more by execution. AI moving from lab into product system and real world use. And I think this is true, right? I think the market is now just looking for real apps, real solutions with this AI, not just something that could be fun for a day or two. They want real solutions. And I think a lot of the AI companies are doing so. The final thing I want to showcase and if you are enjoying the episode, make sure to hit the thumbs up and the subscribe button. The final thing they talk about is the amount of time that AI is saving. So they have done research and the amount of time saved varies depending on the use case in question. But all of the data points in the same direction. Some tasks like email summar summarization were fully 87% faster when AI tools were deployed. A meaningful improvement for anyone managing high volume communication. Now formal email composition proved even more with creation time dropping 94% thanks to artificial intelligence. So typically time to compose the formal emails would be about 15 minutes. Now it takes about 52 seconds. That's massive savings, especially if you're writing a lot of emails. Now, I'm pretty sure most of this is time wasted. It's like, hey, uh, what should I say? How should I start the email? Ah, does this make sense? Does this not make sense? So, AI helps a lot. Now, the question is, what is the employee doing with those extra 14 minutes that they saved? Are they just chilling for 14 minutes and just using AI for that one extra minute? Um, because they know they can get that same that that task done. So, that's the question with AI. Now they also kind of talk a little bit about other solutions but overall the analyst firm rate writes that by estimating the frequency which which the test task would occur each week they believe that certain places they save about 16 work hours or two full typical work days per week using AIPCs for things like compose emails, generate project plans, summarize juro tickets, create GAN charts in Excel, take team notes, summarize emo chains, and the list goes on and on and on. But overall, AMD is saying, "Look, AIPCs is bullish for your company, for your business. Make sure to buy an AIPC overall, an AI laptop." So, overall, I'm pretty excited for AMD. I think CES is going to be fun. If you have any questions, feel free to let me know. Peace out and hope you enjoyed this AMT weekly.