Over $1 trillion is what big tech is expected to spend in data center capital expenditure by calendar year of 2028. What does this mean? That I believe the biggest market opportunity in forms of stock investments are going to be AI companies. And that's why in today's episode, I'm going to take a closer look at five stocks that I'm keeping my close eye on for July. And these are going to be broken down in five different AI segments. the data center, AI chips, AI software, AI consumer, and an AI wildcard that I'm pretty pretty excited about. So, let's get started with today's episode. I want to thank the Mly Fool for sponsoring this video, and check out fool.com/hose for the 10 best stocks to buy now. With that link, you get a promotional offer for their subscription service. Now, let's continue with today's episode. All right, so the first one we're going to start off with is going to be Alphabet. This is going to be the data center player. So quickly for those that are not familiar what they do they are a global search and ad giant they are the owners of YouTube Android Google cloud which I believe is going to be a massive growth opportunity and other bets like Whimo robo taxis and verly life sciences now a quick how do they make money in 20 in fiscal year of 2024 77% of revenue came from search YouTube and network ads 12% came from Google cloud which is that AI infrastructure and the market I am pretty pretty excited about. The rest was subscription hardware and other bets. Now, if we look at the most recent quarter, Alphabet posted around $90 billion in quarter 1 of 2025 alone. Next, I want to take a closer look at some of the financials. And first, I'm looking at kind of just like their income statement, looking at gross profit margins. And the first thing you can see is this is trending upwards for the past few years since quarter 4 of 2024. This has been at a nice healthy uptrend. The other thing and everything else seems to be on a nice healthy uptrend. Operating revenues are increasing, gross profit margins, net incomes continue to reach record highs. And to me, this tells me that this is a very, very healthy business and growing because of it. If we look at their overall balance sheet, another comp a company with an amazing balance sheet, $95 billion in cash and short-term investments, roughly $10 billion in long-term debt and about $75 billion in free cash flow. This is a company that I would not worry about anytime soon going under. And now looking at one of my favorite valuations is for PE ratio for Alphabet. Right now sitting at 19.48 48 when the median, not the mean. A lot of people look at the mean and the average. I prefer the median because it does remove a lot and a lot of the noise. The median sits around 21.34. Right now, this is sitting at 19.48. We are going to take a closer look at some of the bearish thesis, but I believe this is a stock that's undervalued and actually adding to my portfolio at these moments as well. Now, I want to talk about the lowhanging fruit. The lowhanging fruit is that that can be grabbed as quickly as possible. And first is profit expansion uh in Google cloud as AI workloads continue to scale and they have things like Gemini their vertex AI solutions uh their TPUs which they're able to build massive AI infrastructures. Two is that bundling of their subscriptions YouTube premium music and Gemini AI add-ons into higher average revenue per users on these super subs. Unfortunately I'm one of those super subs giving my money to Google. And the third is AI market demand allows for cloud not only to expand profits but to start to grab market share in the cloud market. And that's what I'm actually pretty excited about. And I do believe this is a very lowhanging fruit because of the way the market is going and because things like Google have their TPUs which are now seventh generation in which allows them to build massive amounts of AI infrastructure. All right. Next, I want to take a closer look at moonshot upside and the bearish thesis in forms of moonshot whimo. Right, this is kind of a massive opportunity and we are seeing thousands and thousands of rides per week across major major US metros. Now, if we continue to expand into new cities in 2025, there are reports that this deployment and total addressable market can easily top over hundred billion. Next is the AI winner being Gemini, which in theory, if you see an increase in Gemini, you're going to see a drive for more demand for TPUs and Google Cloud solutions. So, it's a double whammy there. And I do believe this scenario is very possible due to the ecosystem of data collection that Google has created. The more data you feed on YouTube, on Google search, on all this and all that, the better AI model Google can make with Gemini. Now the bearish thesis I put one here but there is another one that came into mind. Obviously antirust overhang US courts ruled Google an illegally monopolized in certain ad tech spaces. Um we also see the EU and other industries kind of file complaints on the privacy and the AI overviews and can create this risk of the company breaking up. The other thing is a lot and a lot of competition in the AI space and the fear of the search market being eaten up by those other players. I personally believe that the AI search is going to look very different from the search that we're in right now. And what gets me pretty excited about Google is Google is trying to do everything to make sure it understand how that market is evolving. It's not looking like Apple, right? I'm not I'm not a huge Apple fan. I feel like Apple is sleeping in the wheel and Apple has created this business that it doesn't know how to integrate AI pretty quickly without disturbing its overall business. I think Google is willing to do that. Google has shown that while it is massively in the ad market, it's willing to disrupt this market to see how this space is evolving. And that gets me pretty excited about management. Now, we're going to jump into stock number two, but if you haven't, make sure to hit the thumbs up. I'm trying to hit 75,000 by the end of the year. We're around at 69, almost hitting 70. Also, if you want to learn more about the semiconductor space, check out my newsletter, whatthechipappen.com. Finally, all these great charts that you are going to see are part of fiscal.ai. And I do have a very, very great promotional offer. Get 15% off any paid plans. I use it on a daily basis. Check out fisc.ai/hose. You're not going to regret it. Now, stock number two. Remember, this is going to be now the AI chip company. Um, and I'm going to go with AMD. And obviously, Nvidia is my number one player, but I'm looking more at the price rewards right now and the valuation based on risk-to-reward ratio. I'm still a huge Nvidia bull. I'm not selling any any shares, but at the moment, I do believe AMD maybe provides a little bit better risk-to-reward because, as we're going to see, it's not totally dependent on data sensors just yet. So what do they do? They design CPUs, GPUs, FPGAAS, an adaptive system on chips, semi-custom for console chips for and and some of these markets go into the data center space. Some of these go into the clients, which is the consumer, and some of these go to the embedded space, which is kind of like the industrial market. Here we can see the breakdown. Now, if we kind of look at financials, this is another one, right? That what do you see? You see a nice growth in gross profit margins throughout the upcoming quarters. You see a nice growth in operating revenues. you see a nice growth in overall net income. It does seem like the bottom of this cycle in the semiconductor has ended and we are now chugging upwards with a lot and a lot of tailwinds. Now, if we look at the overall balance sheet, we see a nice amount of cash and short-term investment, not too much long-term debt. In theory, the long-term debt can almost be covered by free cash flow, which I believe is pretty impressive, and not much stockbased compensation on a company that has a very healthy balance sheet. And if we look at forward PE ratios, the median sitting at 34.29 right now sitting at about 34.12. So it's not in my opinion completely overvalued just yet. Is properly valued based on historicals on its average. AMD is no longer an average company. It is much better than the average AMD it was. And I do believe this allows for maybe a bigger multiple for this one in forward PE ratios. Now the lowhanging fruit first. Like I mentioned, this is not the next Nvidia, but any small adoption in AI market can drive strong growth. Seven out of the 10 largest AI companies are already using AMD AI GPUs. Second is the epic CPU market share is gaining versus Intel in both the cloud and the consumer space. That can fuel a lot and a lot of earnings per share and revenue growth on the consumer side. And finally, finally, outside of taking market share, the consumer and embedded markets are turning around, which can provide even another massive tailwind. So you have kind of three different segments. The AI the AI data center space, you have the market share gains, and then you have the markets turning around that provide a nice tailwind. All that is ready to fuel AMD's growth. Now, the moonshot upside versus the bearish thesis. The moonshot upside is MI400. This is doing is expected on paper to do really well. These GPUs are really going to be a competition to Nvidia's Vera Rubin if they're able to release it on time. And this could finally maybe price a double-digit share from Nvidia in the AIG GPU. And remember, by 2028, 10% market share equals to 50 billion total addressable market. Even if they only get 10%, that is massive, massive for AMD. Now, the bearish thesis, and it's not easy to hear this, but Nvidia's the goat. The competition there is pretty, pretty crazy. Supply chain, right? Handling a form of AI rack solutions like Helios depends on you having great partners, of you being able to manage the supply chain very easily and kind of doing it for the first time does create some risk. The second is obviously with any AI company the demand of the market and what do they really want? Would they want to go with number two? Many are saying yes gladly or would they stick with the solution that number one gives. Now number three we're going to look at AI software and this is another one that I own and I've been buying. So stock number three is GitLab ticker GTLB. What they do they are an endtoend dev sec ops SAS platform. they heal they do things with repo um continuous integration and deployment security and deployment of the overall platform. So they are this full stack solution that you use when developing some form of software solution. Now they deliver the clo cloud hosted or self-managed and they make money pretty quickly or easily. They have the seed approach and a usagebased subscription. If you are a C, you pay price free premium or ultimate. In fiscal year of 2025, revenue was around $211 million, up 29% year-over-year. Now, if we take a closer look at their income statement, we can see yes, the operating gross profits or gross profit margins has seen a bit of a decline, but not much. 89.78 versus 88.64, 1 percentage points down. Not a big deal. Still in the high 80s. You're seeing operating revenues continue to grow. You're also seeing net income finally become profitable. So things are looking pretty excited for GitLab in forms of balance sheet, right? This company has a lot of cash of roughly 1.1 billion, no debt at all, kind of breaking even in free cash flow, but it's not burning cash and it is growing revenues at rapid levels. Now the lowhanging fruit very easily upselling premium upselling that ultimate seat and attaching its AI solutions as an add-on. They have GitLab Duo AI which is in the code assistant feature that they announced in May of 2025. So here we can see that GitLab Duo is kind of the AI solution. They talk about 21% of a developer's time is only spent coding. The set other 79% is spent on other task. So it kind of helps to show that businesses should move to this platform. And here you can kind of see the seat usage. Now the moonshot upside versus the bearish thesis. The moonshot is enterprises start to consolidate a lot of these fracture tool shines tool chains. You have Jira, you have GitHub which are all doing different things that GitLab does. And if you kind of bring it all into one platform, it could increase dramatically GitLab's seat count and average revenue per users if big if it starts to fend off Microsoft's GitHub. So GitHub is a competitor because Microsoft bundles it with C-pilot in cheaper the other kind of bearish thesis here is sharebased compensation. is still 26% of total revenue in fiscal year of 2025 which they just reported they're about a fiscal year ahead and also in the prior quarter there wasn't much gain in guidance due to the overall macroeconomics of things so there are some form of weakness in that space right now based on what we're hearing but I think a lot will change throughout the upcoming quarter so gitlab is probably one of my moonshots in the AI software space it has a marketap of less than $10 billion, but it does excite me with the risk-to-reward ratio. Now, the fourth company we're going to look at is AI Consumer. And AI Consumer, we're going to go with Qualcomm, ticker QCOM. What they do, they design system on chips. Snapdragon. Think about that in your if you're an Android phone, if you have a PC, you're most like a ARMbased PC, you're probably using a Snapdragon, especially in the mobile side. They also have RF frontend connectivity chips and they license these patents as well. More importantly, they're expanding into nice growth opportunities. Auto, mixed reality and PCs. How they make money? Pretty quickly, two segments. QCT, which is pretty much chips. And this makes up a good portion of total revenue, $9.5 billion. Then you have QTL, which is their licensing, and that was $1.3 billion in the previous quarter. Now, Qualcomm, I put it in the consumer space because it is pretty much a phone company at the moment. Handset chips is still 73% of QCT, which is the biggest part of their overall revenue. But automotive and internet of revenues grew 38% year-over-year. Two other markets driven by consumers as well. Now, if we look at their operating income and their income statement, you can see a growth in revenue. You also see a growth in net income. And you're seeing not too much fluctuation in profit margins right now sitting gross profit at around 55.68 which I think is pretty pretty impressive. Now in forms of their balance sheet they have plenty of cash that can pretty much cover all their long-term debt and they are extremely extremely free cash flow positive. Now if we look at forward PE ratio the medium this one tends to trade very cheap 14.43 43 right now sitting at 13.97. So I I'm going to talk about why this trades very cheap and why maybe right now you won't see much of a multiple expansion but there is the optionality for that. So the lowhanging fruit the automotive pipeline they have about a 30 billion plus design win backlog and that's starting to convert in revenue. Auto revenue grew 59% year-over-year. The second thing is internet of things. While it was up 27% year-over-year, there right now is small excitement that I believe as we're going to see in the next page can grow to big excitements. But right now there's small excitements in AI, AR glasses, mixed reality, uh virtual reality glasses and internet of things that would be adding AI chips into consumer and industrial products. For example, drones, uh industrial robots. Also, the phone market is picking back up and as we saw, that is the biggest portion of this company's total revenue. Now, the moonshot upside Snapdragon X, which is their PC processor, which was recently revealed about a year ago, maybe a little bit over a year ago, could gain small shift in the window laptop market and challenge maybe your Intel, your AMD, your Apple in a $100 billion plus total adjustable market. Now I think there's only a small gain possible here due to the strong um due to the strong competitive pressure of both AMD and Intel and Apple but any market share gain here could be profitable. The second thing is Google, Meta, OpenAI are all focusing heavily on AI wearables and Qualcomm provides various solutions for those products to become a reality. the bearish thesis. First, I want to say it's unknown when consumer AI really takes off and that's why I believe the valuation metric will stay pretty low until that happens. This is still just a phone company and Apple is designing a lot of more chips inhouse to reduce their dependency of Qualcomm. Now the final stock is going to be the wild card and this is going to be onto ticker nto. What they do they supply semiconductor metrology and inspection tools for advanced packaging 3D and HBM memory. How they make money capital equipment sales plus software and kind of the maintenance. 2024 revenue was 987 million up 21% year-over-year with record 50 to 55% gross margins. Now if we look at their overall income statement, what are we seeing? Revenue going up. We see gross profit margins going up. We see profitable business. Even during the worst of this down cycle in the semiconductor market, the company was still with over 50% gross profit margins and was still making money. That's what you like to see. A company that can withstand a bad cycle. Now, if we look at their overall balance sheet, great. plenty of cash almost a billion no debt are positive and free cash flow and pay pretty much no stockbased compensation. Now if we look at forward PE ratio the median is around 20.4 right now it's trading at 20.7 pretty much on par and in this current market I think pretty much on par is way better than you can get a lot of AI stocks in. Now the lowhanging fruit for those that are not familiar in the AI space one thing that you need is high bandwidth memory HBM and the equipment that it uses is to make sure that high bandwidth memory is yields are high which is very very crucial in this AI space. We can al also see that onto benefits from multiple global market tailwinds. High bandwidth memory, 2.5D packaging which is when you see this right here. You see if you are a semiconductor investor you know that more chips are being put on together in this chiplet architecture that is something that 2.5D packaging helps in and make sure that those yields are doing well. gate all around the new transformation of how chips are being made and then there is this growth in power semiconductor solutions as well. Now their chips uh their equipment is already sending to top HBM and OSAC customers already. Now the moonshot upside versus the bearish thesis. The moonshot is we continue to see innovations like this. We continue to see the massive massive demand of these solutions and onto gains massive market share especially since as all this integration is happening you need numerous more inspections due to the complexity. Now the bearish thesis is pretty scary highly cyclical business. This is dependent on only a selected amount of customers and if those customers slow down purchasing of equipments it does create a down cycle. You have giant competitions like clock corporation, Nova, Camtech that outspend onto on research and development. And you also have the potential risk of US chip equipment tariffs that could crimp exports. Regardless, I do believe all these companies that I've talked about today have massive upside opportunity, which I am willing to over not overlook, but I believe the growth outweigh the risk at the moment. With this AI market, everything is always evolving. So, that can change in the next quarter or two. Let me know what you guys thought of today's episode. Take care. Have a good day.