what AI and semiconductor investors should know about the big beautiful bill. Let's take a closer look in today's episode. I want to thank the Mly Fool for sponsoring this video and check out fool.com/hose for the 10 best stocks to buy now. With that link, you get a promotional offer for their subscription service. Now, let's continue with today's episode. All right, so for those that are not familiar, today we did see that the Senate passes the one big beautiful bill in a tight vote. And right now the next step is that it's going to head back to the house before heading to the president. So what does this have to do with the AI and semiconductor space? Well, this actually has to do a lot with different industries, but you guys know this is going to be the best place you're going to get any news related to the semiconductor and the AI market. And that's what we're going to focus on today. So there are three things that I think investors should know from this. So, first is there is an update to the chips act. So, there has been a credit credit rate lifted to 30 to 35%. The final number has yet to be decided and it's obviously going to take place at the house, but it's going to most likely be somewhere between 30 to 35 from the previous 25% for projects that break ground by 30 by the end of 2026. And this is obviously very bullish for the overall chips act and for semiconductor manufacturing because it lowers the after tax cost of US wafer fab buildouts and a lot of companies can benefit from this right you have Intel that's expanding dramatically all over the United States you have Micron doing the same you have TSMC Samsung Texas and other semiconductor manufacturings here in the United States it also is very bullish for companies in the semiconductor equipment in space like ASML, like LAM research because in theory an extra five points, let's say we go from 25% to 30%, an extra five points of credit, it's roughly a $500 million swing on a $10 billion FAB, right? So massive, massive investments could be saved and it could be spent to either what make more expansions and buy more equipment and grow even faster. And I do believe because this project and there is a timeline that the the fabs need to commence in year of by 2026 or by the end of 2026, it can also accelerate the buildout or the expansions of some fabs. And here I just wanted to take a closer look at fiscal.ai. We're going to look at a lot of cool charts that I pulled up in seconds. That's the power of this platform. So make sure to check out fisc.ai/hose. And like I mentioned, some really big winners from this chip act updates would be anyone who's building fabs in the United States and anybody who's selling equipment to those players. We can see capital expenditure for companies like Intel, like TSMC, like Micron are super super heavy in the billions of dollars in the trailing 12 months. Obviously TSMC is doing the most with 33.2, but it is important that TSMC is not doing all that in the United States, but a good portion of the buildouts right now are from US-based. So again this to me very exciting for semiconductor manufacturing and for the equipment players. The other thing is because there is kind of a deadline for this kind of boost in credit rate that was lifted. It does kind of create a necessity if you want to save some money. Maybe you accelerate your build out to instead of starting in 2027 instead of starting instead of starting in 2028 you're going to want to start it before 2026. Uh so I think that's actually very good. Now the second one I think is one that investors should know is this 100% bonus depreciation through 2029. So data center operators and chips fabs can fully deduct servers, GPUs, lithography tools and any type of research and development um in year one that accelerates the return of investments on AI clusters and may pull forward hardware demand. So, for those that are not familiar, typically typically right in an AI server, some companies um depreciate it over four or five or six years. Now, if you can depreciate it all at once, even though in theory it's the same amount of money, if you do 100% now or 20% year 1, 20% in year two, year three, year four, year five, but the great thing to remember is let's say you save you get an extra just throwing a money uh a money out there, $1 billion in tax credit this year. that $1 billion dollar is always because of inflation is always going to be worth more now than it would be in the future. So even though theoretically it is the same number because the way um things like inflation work, uh the number ends up being weaker and weaker and weaker throughout the years. So I do believe this is very good for suppliers like Nvidia, AMD, Micron, Broadcom, right? the overall AI semiconductor products because hyperscalers in theory should be able to say look I'm going to depreciate all this at once right now take this massive massive tax credit right now and then use that money to even build more data centers in the future right so if I can break down 100% right now I'm going to get some a nice amount of tax credit right off the bat I can use that tax credit savings to increase my capital expenditure next year and do the same thing over and over and over again. So I do believe overall this does create kind of a nice tailwind for capital expenditure to increase throughout the next few years. What I would want to say is this also could create a very bumpy earnings because when you kind of depreciate over 5 years, you don't take like these massive hits in one time. Um so so you get to kind of spread those hits over the 5year to make earnings per share a little bit less lumpy. Now, if you are kind of just building massive data centers every year, every year, every year, that regardless, you probably will still have that same sentiment in forms of earnings and stuff like that. Um, but this depreciation, I do believe can really be a massive tailwind to build out more AI data center solutions. And we see here from another cool chart of physical.ai, um, where you have these big players spending massive and massive amounts of money in data centers. Not all of it is for data centers, not all of it is for AI servers, but a good portion of these capital expenditures do go that way. So I think that is very bullish for the AI market. Now the third thing and this is the last thing I have and if you are enjoying the channel and you are enjoying this kind of data, make sure to hit the thumbs up, make sure to hit the subscribe button, check out my pin comment for my free newsletter where I will be covering this on my free newsletter as well if you like more of a written version as well. So check it out whatthechipappen.com. Now the final thing is there's this permanent immediate expensing of US research and development. So it reverses the 5-year amortization that began in 2022 and restores upfront cash flow boosting free cash flow conversions for Nvidia, AMD, Qualcomm and AI software firms that capitalize staff cost as research and development. So the way best way to do is if you are a semiconductor company and you have a lot of engineers working on research and development to develop the next form of AI chip, the next form of AI software solution, you can now now kind of expense those engineers right off the bat in a one-year time frame. So again, it's going to free up billions in working capitals just like the previous one did for kind of the capital expenditure which makes the US in forms of research and development force to either have more cash to invest in more AI engineers uh to use that cash for either building buying more AI servers for those that are not familiar a lot of these companies that Nvidia for example has massive amount of supercomputers that they use at their disposalable as well. So it can continue to fuel that spending back into the AI market via be in talent, via being in servers in data sensors like we saw before. Uh so this can definitely definitely help out and kind of increase the opportunity for these companies to hire even more and more engineers. The great thing with this is it does kind of make it a little bit cheaper than offshore research as that still you have to kind of advertise it in about 15 years where this you will be able to do it right on year one as well. You can see a lot of these companies spend billions and billions of dollars in research and development expenses. We can see Nvidia trailing 12 months about 14 billion. Qualcomm about 9 billion. We see AMD at about 6.6. And all these great charts are coming here from fiscal.ai. So I do believe in theory in theory from these updates there is a nice bullish case scenarios for semiconductor firms for semiconductor equipments for semiconductor manufacturings and for AI companies and also as we can see I do believe capex can definitely see a nice tailwind from this. Now obviously this big beautiful bill is extremely big and might have other aspects that might interact in a nondirect way which is what I'm focusing on right now which can maybe create some pressure and why some of the stocks are down today. Now some other thoughts right the bill now returns to the house and some senate only provisions for example the the tax of the chips credit it's somewhere between 30 to 35 that could be watered down in conference negotiations so that's why I kind of put earlier on between 30 to 35% the real number we will know until after it passes um the house the second thing is this there there was uh clean energy credit trims and that seems to be drawing some heavy push back from data center operator traders and renewable developers which could have kind of uh negative sentiment towards uh data center buildout. So we did have some good things that maybe could be a form of a headwind. Uh the other thing is we did see that a lot of US government uh agencies were given nice amount of funding to build AI solutions. For example, the Department of the Pen, Department of Defense, the Homeland Security, uh the Department of Energy, all have now together over $1 billion for AI autonomy, for cyber security, and energy efficiency, micro electronics. So, a new form of fresh revenue coming in here from sovereign AI, something Jensen has talked about in the past. There's also some things in here that have to do with nuclear and coal deals that can have kind of increase the need to kind of go with those solutions. Uh which again can maybe be a way to offset some of that clean energy credit trims. And the final thing in the chip grants even though we are getting better tax credits there are some strings attached. So commerce will kind of renegotiate existing $39 billion in chip awards. And it's to be expected that maybe it might be tougher um for some of these companies that wanted those deals. But uh overall at least we know that chips act is still here even though earlier before we kind of heard some thoughts that maybe that would end. Um but the chips act is strong and I do believe there is a lot of tailwind for the AI market right now. Again like I mentioned the big beautiful bill is pretty big and there might be other aspects that could create some headwinds for something like this. Maybe some other things that could create tailwinds. I really just wanted to focus more on what we knew for the semiconductor and for the AI market. So, I hope you guys enjoyed today's episode. Take care. Have a good day. And see you all next