[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Hello everyone. Good morning, good afternoon. Welcome back to the breakfast show with myself and my favorite co-host here on the right or left depending on I don't know the camera. Uh Jose, good morning. How are you today? Pretty good, Neil. Good morning. And good morning to everybody um watching. It's uh always happy to be here. We got a lot already good mornings coming in through the channel. So, uh thank you for joining us. Uh let's hope today might be a better morning or a better day than yesterday. I mean, yesterday was yesterday such a bad day actually in the end. I don't know. I I didn't really look at it too much. I saw it was some red, especially maybe on some of the growth stocks. I didn't see much of the big players. We had Uber, right? It did did hit all-time highs um at one point. I don't know if it finished there. Uh but I mean it wasn't that bad, but I know a lot of kind of the popular stocks did take a quite a hit. Um for example, we saw like Nvidas, Apply Digital, all those companies like around that um trend. Uh so this was yesterday. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Not that great. But then you have popular names like Palanteer that are still up 3.5%. I believe SoFi did also close at a three-year high if I remember. We said popular names, not boring names. Yeah. Yeah. Popular names. I didn't say Nvidia, I said SoFi. Um Um Yeah. finished the day actually at $1924 24. So, three-year high for SoFi, which is probably why I didn't see such a big big hit in the portfolio because, you know, I'm cool like that. Good afternoon from Portugal. We got some people all around the world here. Bombia, this is my Portuguese here. Um, so yeah, we've got some interesting stories actually today. First of all, we maybe have to go back because we both talked about it yesterday. The core and core scientific um deal and of course uh Appli digital, all the others went down and we figured it out, right? We figured it out. We talked about the the deal on on our channels and now a day later, what do you make of it? A day later, Neo u I don't I I don't if if one believes the deal is going to happen. I'm kind of if I want to keep my core wave shares, I'm like, why would if I believe this deal is going to happen, if I don't see any regulatory, doesn't it make more sense for me to sell all my core shares and just buy cores instead if I can get it at a premium? If obviously you have that risk of the deal never not going through and then you're screwed. But like um if it does, you're getting it at a 20 25% discount. So, uh I don't know if I'm I I might be leaning to doing something like that. Um you know, especially since I already sold most of my core if it would be kind of like the smaller position. Um and then I'll be able to play kind of that arbitrage trade there. Um but overall, I still believe the deal um benefited um Cororeweave the most. Um they did have a presentation Neil I don't know if you saw the presentation they had um for for this acquisition and most of the most of the data center um places that um Kors had were already being rented out by Cororeef and the other ones were just being built up. Uh so it's like why would you be paying a middleman for something you own 100% of right? So that's it the acquisition made perfect it makes perfect sense. Um, it's uh, like I said, if you're already owning paying them 100% for all your infrastructure and you're most likely paying them at a higher margin because they need to make money out of it, too, why not just buy the business out and um, no longer have to pay the margin. So, it makes sense. Now, I'm trying to make sense what might be the best way I can play this arbitrage trade here, especially if I'm already a core shareholder, right? And it's um it's I don't know. And do you think I'm crazy for thinking that Neil? What are your thoughts there of maybe like again I already sold out most of my position on coreweave but that little amount that I have left um take taking that off and switching it to to corors instead since in theory with the price point right now I would be getting core at like $120. Yeah. Yeah, I mean for for you of course it's different than for everybody else cuz you'd got core weave you had massive massive gains already. So everything that you took off the table I mean pure profit and whatever is left is is basically house money. And so right now I if you do want to get core wee again in the future then yeah maybe going with cores at a let's say depleted depleted price although it was a little bit lower yesterday but we have seen some buying action under $14 could be the play here but again we don't know what's going to happen until Q4 right because maybe in Q4 core we stock price can be slashed in half can also not move right can still stay around 150 maybe even if it's 140 130 it's not that big not that big of a deal um so yeah I I guess I mean since since course is down so much I guess I would say like it makes sense um but yeah we are it's a funny situation because it doesn't really depend on on the companies it depends more on one also the lockup period expiring in September have a massive effect on on Cory's price. The the thing for I was thinking it's like that is going to react to Cory's price regardless, right? It has nothing to do with this acquisition. So, it's like um you're still getting that course at a through that course exchange rate is still cheaper no matter where where you go through it. Correct. But I mean if you buy it today and it drops to 12 13 for some reason then you you get that impact but uh yeah I don't know it it was very interesting. Uh let's check the others real quick. Seems like a plight digital went under $10 but it's staying quite close to that to that $10. Um you pulling the trigger on this one yet. Neil, I I I I want to I want to because I mean it's it's been trading at these prices for for a while even after the deal was announced. Now of of course with core we've probably owning core scientific right later later this year. Uh it might mean that they might not need a plant digital anymore in the future. Of course, the deal has been made, but maybe other deals will not be made. But then again, doesn't mean that any other that other companies can't make a deal with Applied Digital, for example. Um but but I think um I I think for applied digital especially in this North Dakota data center cororeweave yeah corre um pretty much has the ability to um get the whole the whole space cuz it mentions that there it was I think 200 megawatt at 250 at first then 150 later on and then even the additional stuff and if you add all of them up I think they have the optionality. I think they only at least guaranteed a uh I think like the first phase. Um but they have the optionality if they want to rent out phase two and phase three at its full usage. Um so does this open up the world where applied digital is going to get the next offer of of this core acquisition um uh spree? Uh because this is not the first acquisition core we've made. uh I want to say in the past three months I think they did like a software stack uh solution company um it wasn't public I think it was a small way smaller than this acquisition um but does this open up the doors for maybe now um coreweave coming into apply digital and offering them acquisition as well and I don't know if I'm down or all right so Neil is down uh give me one quick second I need to Oh, there you go. What happened, Neil? I don't know. Suddenly started to say reconnecting and I was like, "Okay." All right, Neil, while you're doing this really quick, I'm going to jump into the other account so I can pull some questions. I'll be right back. All right. Um I don't know what he said before, but fine. Anyways, um there is here. Yeah, I mean Cororeweave is at a higher market cap than PayPal. uh what a clown market it is. Correct. Correct. Of course, Kore is growing much faster than PayPal, but PayPal being much much more profitable at the moment um is of course the counterargument, but yet completely different completely different companies right now. Um but yeah, I agree. PayPal is still very very undervalued all in all. Uh, I I don't If anyone can tell me what he wanted me to do before when I froze, that would be Wait, nothing. Nothing. I I I I think everything was good, Neil. I just when I logged back in, I couldn't uh my audio was messed up. I couldn't hear what you were saying. Um, another name here, another name here that does not see any any actually slowdown despite all of these deal cuts. We've seen Applied Digital come down. only seen cipher mining come down but iron actually went down but then finished the day up green again I don't know if this is I mean I don't know probably this also based purely on on momentum but uh seems like there is some strength a lot of strength here in iron and since the April lows this thing has more than tripled and it's actually up 70% in the last what is it 10 days 10 days or so there's definitely a lot of momentum in smaller smaller names. This one is what you told me, right? Pizza Hut. Um yeah, Hut 8 also one with some solid momentum. Um but yeah, it it seems like even even the market, even some analysts are saying that these smaller names, these Bitcoin miners might be getting a lot more attention because of the infrastructure that they have in place and and the potential pivot uh that they could be making. Plus, like we spoke about yesterday, there's just so much demand out there and so whoever can provide them with the necessary energy will probably get get some deal get some deals done or basically get acquired like uh core scientific did. Yeah. And and one body kind of talks about this a little bit. Good morning. Thoughts on Google's here at Google here. I'm debating on 100 shares here. One of the reasons I'm bullish is their cloud revenue with the recent Oracle news. I feel like um Google will continue to do well. Um I I I agree. I I agree there one buddy. I'm one of the reasons I'm actually pretty excited for Google is just their cloud market. Obviously everything else that comes with it is a nice plus the AI the way but I think the one of the lowest hanging fruit for them Neil is that cloud space with the way the AI market is evolving right now. And if Oracle is expected to see $30 billion in annual revenue from one customer in fiscal year of 2028, which is calendar of 2027, um why wouldn't Google expect certain maybe not that type of growth? Because uh Oracle does a little bit more bare metal than Google. So um it it might be a little bit different, but it still gives me um a a strong indication that Google should start to see uh more growth in their Google Cloud revenue. And the second thing is with this l lowhanging fruit they have uh the TPUs which they can help to build more um AI servers than some of their competitors. So um I like it one buddy. I don't know what stock price it is but I even if it's at 176 here Neil pulled that up for me or 177. It is up premarket. Wow that's interesting. Um Google up on the pre-market. Um but uh yeah I mean obviously I like it better at 160s and at 150s. I'm not going to say I hate it at 170. Still, I still believe this is going to be um uh it's one of the most undervalued uh max 7. Uh and the market is completely sleeping on it. I agree. I agree. I don't know what they have to do to get back above that uh $180, but maybe earnings will do maybe earnings will do uh the trick for them. Um another name I also like this before we go there. There's another question here on Neo and Cougo. Um I know one thing you've mentioned I I like how you mentioned it Neo is um kind of like Whimo's like a call option for for uh Google if it if it does really well um it can help really push this stock price. Do you think Whimo is now getting popular enough that if something bad happens to Whimo, it's going to correlate to the stock price itself? um or is it still so small and like you mentioned still such a call option that it wouldn't affect the actual price right now? I mean so far it doesn't seem like it affects the price cuz I mean yesterday they announced that they're going that they're testing in Philly and in New York City and the price didn't move right. Um so I I just don't think that the market takes it that seriously at the moment. Um, of course, if there is a bad headline, car crash or whatnot, then then maybe yes, just because of the algos playing playing its part, but I think it will have way less of an impact than a Tesla, for example. Because that's I mean, the impact on the business is much bigger for Tesla than it is for a Google at the moment. So, that's uh that's why just like like we said, call option. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Um, I just want to go here with Thomas. Thomas is Google. If Broadcom replaces anybody, it's definitely not Google. It has to be Apple. Someone needs to replace Apple out of this out of this Mac 7. Yeah. No, I agree. I agree. U, we'll talk a little bit about Apple in a bit, but there have been some questions about uh about Sound Hound more recently because I mean everything everything goes up. So, we go back to the Soundhound AI stuff, and it seems like, yeah, we're back to $11 or so. This one has also rebounded nicely, but way less than before, right? Before this thing pumped like like no tomorrow from $5 to what is it here? $25 or so. Um, but yeah, I mean, my view with this, I know some people say, "Oh, you're a hater." No, not a hater. I just don't see hater. I I just don't see the mode with with Sound Hound, right? I just don't see how their tech beats uh Google's or okay Apple I don't know but Google's or or Metas or Microsoft or Amazon's uh Open AIS right Chad GPT voice I just don't know how Sound Hound beats them all. Yes, they've got partnerships of course with restaurant chains and whatn not but that's not a mode. Uh, plus the only reason that they're growing fast is because they acquired other companies and in the meantime you get diluted like no tomorrow and they still lose more money than before. So yes, of course it has a lot of momentum. Yes, of course it is up significantly from from the lows in 2024, especially at the start of 2024. Actually, this is where I talked about it first. Uh, $2. And so, yeah, it did definitely very well, but that doesn't mean it's a good long-term investment. That's that's just my point here. Yeah, you I I agree. I'm I agree. I was teasing you. I'm I I am definitely not a fan of Soundhound. And the main reason is right now one of the reasons Soundhound and a lot of these um what I would say AI consulting because I think that's what um Sound at the end of the day is going to is being is kind of consulting with its own type of product. All these AI all these restaurants on how to integrate AI because it's hard to do right now. It's such a new technology. A lot of these kind of companies might have some form of software solution. I mean all these type of big tech players have software engineers uh but maybe they don't have the AI team. What's going to happen when AI doesn't is not as hard anymore? What happens when AI becomes a lot easier and becomes kind of a normal social or for every type of software engineer? Um, you're going to start to see them maybe pushing away from companies like Soundhow and create their own solution. Uh, I know there's this many talk about this great partnership between Nvidia and Soundhound and I don't think there's really a nice partnership. There were a few reports during kind of the GTC event that Nvidia has kind of created their own easy to use um voice AI solution um that a lot of restaurants are starting to use now. So Nvidia is making it easier for people to use AI and then the bad term I think is going to hurt a lot of these engineering companies that I would kind of consider a little bit more soundhound um where it's so easy that you can skip that middleman and you can kind of develop it your own. Yeah. I mean, don't forget that the main reason why Sound Hound got very very very popular is because it appeared on Nvidia's 13F and then it also disappeared from Nvidia 13F. So, if that was your investment thesis, it is a it is not a good one. Um, it is not a good one. Uh, Roberto here with the super chat, first of all, thank you very much. Ask why I chose to go with Rocket Lab and not uh as Space Mobile. Uh very simply put, I I like Rocket Labs business more more diversified in my opinion. Um plus it generates already revenue today or even when I when I opened my position as was more of a speculative play back then. Plus it was already way more expensive than Rocket Lab. But then of course it corrected itself and now we're back to we're back to uh I think what is it? $50 $50 or so. Um yeah, 45. So for me, Rocket Lab just made way more sense um at that time. And even today, I just I just like their business more and then as that doesn't mean that AS cannot be successful, but A at the moment does also have to prove the market still. Yes, they are expecting to generate revenue um I think later in the back half of this year, but the long-term thesis still needs to be proven out. You can say the same thing with rocket lab. Rocket lab still has to prove neutron. That's true. But in the meantime, we do have um we do have electron, we do have the space systems, we do have satellites now. Um so to me, I just like that one-stop shop type of solution and not be concentrated in just one thing um such as or two things such as offers. Again, that doesn't mean that I'm bearish ons. actually actually made a bullish video on STS right around here. $23 or so. Um, so you're all very welcome for the pump. The couch pump continues. Yo, pump some of my stocks. Yeah. H your stocks already pumped enough, huh? Um, but you expect the man for sending things to space to keep going up? I do expect demand for sending things to space to keep going up and it's not just that remember it's not all about the launch services it's about maintenance about satellites about systems um applica space applications so that that's the thing even right now launch is only one/ird of the of the business of course which neutron it's probably going to be a bit bigger than that but it's the whole package that that you get and don't forget and this is something that of Someone already told me last time once you launch something in space, it's not a one-time thing and you're done. You will have to launch again, repair stuff or maybe replace it. So, it's a continuous it's a continuous process. I mean, even as to go to space, right? Cuz how do they get their satellites up there with SpaceX uh Blue Origin and the uh Indian Indian company? Space isn't real. I mean, uh, I'll tell you once I'm up there. I'll tell you once I'm up there. We We'll do a streaming space. Um, Waldo here. Uh, have you checked uh Bit Digital? I have not heard of them. Um, Neo, I'm going to guess based on the name it's one of those Bitcoin minor uh companies or if not just a Bitcoin company in general. Um, yeah, definitely not. Um, I'll just show real quick the uh market action in Europe at the moment. Uh, mixed as you can see. It seems like Europe has been mixed for for a couple of days now. Asia is green at the moment. Pre-market in the US, we are mixed here as well. The Dow down a little bit, whereas the S&P and the NASDAQ are green right now. Um, 10-year yield is actually at 4.4. 42. So it did go up over the last couple of days. FXY $1.17 at the moment. So okay, seems like we are quite muted right now. I did see that uh the United States will offer EU 10% tariff deal with conditions. So okay, there is that. And then I don't know if you want to go already straight into the uh Meta Apple Meta Apple deal, but anyways, here it is. Um and Luna very much. Um this is just crazy, right? This is I mean Zuck is like is he's killing it right now. So Bloomberg reports that Apple's head of AI models is leaving for Meta's new super intelligence group. Meta reportedly offered him a package worth tens of millions per year. Uh Pang le let Apple's 100% foundation model team behind Apple Intelligence and Siri. Now on the one hand, I'm like Apple Intelligence and Siri suck. So why would you poach that guy? But on the other hand, if you can make Apple weaker, I think that's exactly what Zuck wants to do every single day. And so and so yeah, he I mean this is this is crazy. This is just Yeah. Incredible. I I wonder Neil if it's not that Apple lacks AI talent. I wonder if Apple's culture and the way it wants to stay with its ecosystem not allow Apple engineers to um show their talent, right? Um and um the other thing is AI is I'm pretty sure Apple is not paying the type of money AI is going. So, if I was an AI engineer that really wanted to create something revolutionary, um I don't think I would be staying at Apple. I think I would be going to either um Meta, XAI, um OpenAI, or one of those companies where if I'm a top talent Yeah. I'm a top give them some love. Deep M. All right. Deep mind. But regardless, it's if I want to right now, you're in a such a pivotal moment in technology where your name can be put into a lot of these technological papers and your name could come out into a lot of these uh large language models. You can say as an engineer, as a scientist, I created this. If I'm at that moment, I'm not going to stay at Apple because I don't believe Apple is going to be the one that's going to help me get my name plus a lot of hundreds of millions of dollars. U but I do think some of these engineers care a little bit about both. They care both about the money coming in obviously um but they also care about some form of legacy. I I think that's how humankind is is they want to create a legacy on whatever they're good at. Um and these AI scientists are good at AI so uh they have to find some good players. So first I saw I saw a funny a funny comment to this is like oh so you're saying Apple did have AI talent before now it doesn't anymore. um which I thought it was good but um yeah I think Apple just continues to lose the ball here in this AI space. Yeah and I see here one of the uh reputable um Apple guys that cover Apple said the team behind Apple intelligence models is already not pleased that the company is considering using open AI or anthropic to power Siri. I'm like, uh, you're not pleased that you sucked at your job so that your company now has to go look for a better solution. I'm like, come on, guys. This is uh this is not serious. Um, but yeah, I I found that a funny story. There is another interest in this. It's uh this guy right here, Mark Gurman. He does follow I didn't see that one quite closely. Um, you might have seen this one. This is affecting your meme stock, Nvidia. So yeah, go ahead Neil. Um yeah, so Nvidia here we got a long long note from city. Basically the bottom line is this uh 2028 data center semi total addressable market. GPU custom AS6 including HBM is going to be 70% of the total addressable market according to them of course. So that's $396 billion. CPU is only 2% at 12 billion poor Intel. Networking networking is 21% at $119 billion. That's pretty good for Qual for Broadcom and Nvidia I guess. And then others including storage that's 6% at $36 billion. for a TAM of 563 billion which I mean it's not okay but I guess AMD's 500 billion is yeah AI accelerators I don't know if you can put all of that in the same boat but yeah I I I think uh I think uh AMD does I think it includes uh CPUs it includes the networking and the other stuff for AMD so this is actually a little bit more bullish than what AMD projected um I also saw here Neo that they one of main reasons for the price target increases for both both AMD and Nvidia actually got a price target from from city um was they increased the total addressable market by about I think it was about 15%. So before it was like 560 billion, now it's 500 or or lower, I forget. So yeah. Oh well, there we go. So they increased it by 13% compared to previous forecast uh by 2028. Um I mean obviously they did give uh increase Nvidia here. Uh Nvidia does provide a lot of networking solutions thanks to that Melonox acquisition that they did in 2021. So, not only do they benefit from um from the AI chip itself, but they also benefit from the networking place. Uh AMD also did get a boost from them. Uh but I saw that they're very excited just how uh they they watched the stream, Neil. Um they're very excited about the MI355, but more importantly, the MI400. Uh so, it it really is a market that it seems crazy. Someone was just talking about it, Chad. like we're just throwing money everywhere. Um, but I think we're going to look at the next book bookmark that you might have. Um, it showcases that a lot of these big tech players believe that something is happening in AI right now that you need to make this massive massive investments right now. I mean, we talked about it yesterday, right, Neil? We had XAI confirm or Elon kind of confirm that he's destroying he's deconstructing a power plant overseas and building it back and and shipping it back to the United States. We see Oracle having that one deal of $30 billion in fiscal year of 2028. We see um uh Meta investing in the super adventures of of of AI team or the Avengers of AI team or or or uh we don't know if it's the Avengers or the negative side of it. Um but and and then we see uh Google's uh a top talent in Google CEO uh mentioned something yesterday as well that he believes the next six months I think you might have it right Neil um let's see I forget there we go Logan Kilpatrick the next six months of AR are likely to be the most wild we will have seen so far and I think he he's a lead of AI Studios plus the Gemini API and he kind of talks about it in his tweet under that. The main reason is everything's scaling up. More hardware, more model progress, more product, more AI momentum, and more poof um in general. So AI, I think, is is I'm pretty excited to see what my $200 a month gets me. Neil, that is uh correct. That is correct. I mean, well, we did talk a little bit about this in private yesterday. It's I mean I think I've seen Let me let me actually make sure uh the Perplexity guys because I think they're launching maybe tomorrow, but I'm not I'm not sure. Let's see. Uh what's the name? Perplexity just announced a $200 a month SE solution as well. Correct. Correct. Uh Perplexity Max. Yeah. Oh yeah, Perplexity Max. Sorry, I was I was reading this. Um, AI A1 stakes suck is assembling his AI lizard army. Uh, I mean, he can contact me any day he wants. I'd like to join the loser army for that amount of money. Um, um, uh, and then Nicola here, I think even Intel will make a comeback. That's That's what I like to hear. That's what I like to hear. Um, but I I know you're gonna go into something Neil, but just when we saw that um 12 billion dollars is all the they expect the market to be in the CPU space by uh 2028. What is there to come back? It's it's uh I mean I think right now it's about a 8 billion market. I think it's it's that would be still a 50% uh year um 50% growth from where we're at right now because I think AMD did like 4 point something and Intel did like 4 point something for the year as well if I'm not mistaken but here they're only talking about data centers correct so none of the uh uh mobile stuff like that and and also I wonder if enterprise is included in here yeah good question but this is uh perplexity co tweeting about this yesterday. Now since I guess this is the American date then this is tomorrow and if not then this is September. So I guess come at the agentic browser is launching either tomorrow or two months from now. Um two two months yeah two months from now remains remains to be seen. That's going to be interesting because an agentic browser I mean that could be cool. Plus, this could maybe also push uh Google Chrome, Google basically to maybe transform Chrome into an agentic browser. Um, Kasundar did talk about AI agents and memory being a big big thing for 2025, especially also 2026. So, could be very interesting. Uh, let's see. Let's see if I had something. I I I see this person. I think this is the second time they asked this. Can you talk about Nvidia like the chart including like whether if tariffs is going to affect the upside of the AI things or will it still shoot upwards still this few weeks or months? Tan, I wish I knew the answer here. I mean um maybe Neil wants to play I don't know if he wants to play his um technical analysis black magic for us on Nvidia charts to see what that is I will I will but first up this is more important TSA is ending its shoe off policy at airport security for most passengers thank god because uh just get TSA pre-check you never have to take off your shoes I don't know what that is as a European I never have to take off my shoes anyways so I don't know what okay I yeah I don't take off my shoes anywhere anyways okay because you travel in business or something um so what do we have to see for Nvidia if it tell me if in the next month in a few weeks is going up or down thanks ah and I'm taking your word to it and I'm making an investment out of it I mean it is at all-time highs right now so RSI wise, we are we actually are just not overbought at the moment. Um, so yeah, I don't know. This looks like a a dump incoming. No, like we're going back to 120. Don't you dare say anything bad about my video. But I mean, in regards to tariffs, something serious in regards to tariffs. Um well I mean you unfortunately you're getting so many different things right you're getting like the big uh the big beautiful bill um you're also getting tariff stuff I mean it seems like deals are happening if deals are happening let me just say AI demand is crazy I don't think it's going to affect any of these is going to affect anything too much uh it would be just a nice push or head uh tailwind or headwind um in either direction the big beautiful bill had some things that do create some tailwind incentives like maybe the 100% um reduction if you can write off AI servers on the first year which can free up free cash flow which can help build more AI data centers in in in faster. Uh so there is that tailwind. Um from there you also have that tailwind of more fabs being built around the United States which can create u more AI chips. Now there are probably some things that I didn't read in this crazy thousandpage big beautiful bill that could create some headwinds as well indirectly. Uh so regardless Nvidia I think is going to continue to dominate as the number one player here. Pava Rubin is expected to come out next year. We do have uh Blackwell Ultra already shipping. We saw um companies like Iron I think iron announced the Blackwell Ultra right Neil that they're getting some of it already. They had they said 300. Yeah. Yeah. So that's the Blackwell Ultra. Um you have uh or um not Oracle, Corewave already showcasing the GB300. So we are seeing that the Blackwell Ultra is shipping already. Dell also announced it. So I think the Blackwell Ultra was what I the Blackwell I I had very very high hopes for the Blackwell Neo and it did meet them. But I think the Blackwell Ultra because you're no longer having some of these masking issues that you had with the Blackwell. Blackwell Ultra is going to be a whole different beast. Um, and I don't think the market is understanding how much of a beast it is. Uh, regardless, at $160 where we're at right now, I'm definitely not purchasing, but it is um it is closer to 30% of my overall portfolio. That's what I was just laughing at you, Neil, real quick. I'm like, I want to go back and see and see the thumbnail. Um, but um, yeah, I'm I'm personally not adding at this, but I'm definitely not selling. Why would I sell? You still have the Blackwell Ultra, you still have Reuben, you have the Reuben Ultra, uh, and you still have the potentials of the robotics market, you still have the potential of the AI healthcare market. Um, for me, autonomous vehicle, yeah, selling to China, selling to the UAE, selling to Saudi Arabia. So, AIC solutions. Let's see what September 7th or July 9th brings to to the table. Um, we'll we'll find out. Uh, Grock is releasing uh Grock 4. Let's see how much AI this Wednesday. Let's see what's happening in this AI space. Let's see if it got smarter because Grock right now is is probably my least favorite at the moment. Um, and this is a great question. If not purchasing, why not selling? I mean, there's always you don't have it. It's not a eitheror type of game. Sometimes it's a do nothing type of game and the do nothing is a great play. Um. Yeah. Yeah. Jose, you know, last week when we touched on Wolf and there was that first pump, we we should have yoloed a little bit because yesterday it went up another 95%. The Yeah, things like this, Neil, make me want to follow my gut a little bit more. 50 to now $3.40 premarket when the big beautiful bill passed. I think it created a lot of excitement for the stock as it does give uh it it showcased that the chips act wasn't getting cancelled. I think that was one a lot of people were worried about and it it's not it's actually even being improved a little bit. Um yeah, but this is this is for a company that is supposed to should have gone bankrupt or maybe should will still go bankrupt. You know, this pump right here is just because they announced a new CFO. Yeah. Um should have bought it. You know, we could have we could have maybe champagne showers here on the stream. Uh um um some people want me to talk about SoFi. Yeah, but before we I like this question. Roberto has a great I wonder if this is how people felt about the internet in 1999. I wish I could go back in time and understand and see like were we actually getting results or or was the internet showcasing that it was going to change the world like with AI you're already seeing it. I mean my overall process I use AI on a daily basis now. Uh it's insane. I mean autonomous robotics uh autonomous vehicles I mean Tesla I actually get to see the product firsthand of AI innovation. Um image generation and stuff like that. I mean, you're seeing the the evolution in in various industries already. It's not just a a hope thing. You can actually see it if you open your eyes. I wonder if the internet in 1999, again, I don't know. That's why I can't really say, but in 1999, um, what was how was the world looking at that technology and were you actually seeing some results that can give you that excitement? Um, uh, so so I agree. I'm I'm not Yeah, it's it's weird. I mean, I I I I wish I obviously we now see the internet as like the most basic thing, but at that era, I would love to have seen like what the sentiment was behind it. Um, and what was driving that sentiment? Was it actual results somewhere? Um, I mean, I'm pretty sure the ability to email some Well, was email invented with the internet? I don't know. I mean, first of all, I I agree with you. I mean f second of all there are definitely some companies today that do feel like 1999 bubbly right companies that have nothing to show for because that that was the case also in 1999 like a lot of even the huge companies that we see today the Amazons and all of that back in 1999 they were they were valued as if they were generating billions if not hundreds of millions of dollars but they were just starting off um so I I do want to say that back Then it was completely new, completely completely new. Everything everything basically changed like the whole world changed in 1999. Today, yes, there is a big change, but we're still staying in that digital uh interconnected world. It just get amplified through through AI. Now, today we have a lot of companies that are, of course, you could say hyped up, but a lot of these companies are generating hundreds of billions of dollars. So that's in my in my eyes the big big difference between today and 26 years ago. Like I said, there are definitely some companies that do not deserve to be worth billions of dollars today because they have AI in their name or they say that suddenly they sell AI software where in essence it's just SAS. Okay, just add the AI label to get a a higher multiple and that and that's about it. Um, so yeah, Jose something an engineer with the stream is over. We're done for Finny. Um, but yeah, that's in my in my big the big difference here. Of course, there will be companies that will go bust just like every other period, but I think the big ones will still make quite a lot of money from it. Um, yeah. Yeah. And I I do wonder what engineers do sound like. Ask Apple. Yeah, I would love to hear from Josh what should an engineer should sound like. Um but yeah, Neil, go ahead. Do your SoFi stuff here. Yeah, so far as you can see, $19.7070 actually pre-market. So we're closing in at $20, which again we have not been at these prices since 2021. So, a long long time ago. I'm here on the weekly just to show you that we've had a long time. For everyone that's saying, "Oh, so far what a trash stock. I've been underwater for so long." The only way you're underwater is if you bought back in 2021. Okay, if you've been buying all the way down here, 2022, 2023, even 2024, you're up significantly on the stock. What's interesting here is that we had two periods of approximately the same time frame. So 441 days of the stock being stuck between around $5 to $8 and then it jumped and then it was stuck between $6 to $10 for around $469 days until it actually started to make its next jump which we've seen here. And then yeah, of course at the start of April we actually went back under $9, believe it or not. And now we are sitting here closer to $20 pre-market. Again, you might say this looks like a uh some weird some weird cup and maybe a handle will follow, which means we're going to get a pullback. Maybe yes, maybe no. On the weekly, we are not overbought just yet. On the daily, we definitely are. On the daily, we definitely are. Um, but if you tell me, if you ask me, is SoFi expensive today? I mean, SoFi was already at $18 at the start of the year, and I think SoFi is a better company today than it was at the start of the year. So, if you liked it at $18 back in January, then you shouldn't be hating it and should actually like it at close to $20. Now, in July, when we have a lot more information about the company, when we know that the company will actually relaunch um its crypto business, we launched some international money transfers as well. when we actually well it's true again with this big beautiful bill I really want like one of these AI companies to actually summarize the whole thing put it in a couple of pages so we can just have a a quick a quick read but yeah I like it I like it very much I think it will do very well in the future of course I own it I don't plan on selling it um but yeah next quarter will be an interesting one get more information guidance for the back half of the year maybe some commentary already on 2026 especially with regards to the uh tech platform. So very very very good and I'm sure that the sentiment around the company will change because the stock is suddenly because the stock is suddenly up um quite significantly and so yeah great to see uh can we reach alltime highs in 2025 meaning alltime highs for SoFi is 28. Uh I don't think so. I mean, crazier things have happened, but I don't think we should be rushing to all-time highs just like that. Unless, of course, the business suddenly accelerates and there is a rerating. But so far, um, so far no, I don't think we should be anywhere close to $30. Um, right now, the alltime highs during kind of the co era when you fintech mania. Got it. Just like with every other company out there, like even like Airbnb for example. Yeah. Um, did um did has has there been any fintech that has passed by back to those all-time highs? Probably Robin Hood. Yeah, Robin Hood is the one. This is the crazy. Okay, that's the only one. All right, that is wild. Yeah. Holy smokes. Yep. Looks like a meme memecoin for sure. Um but yeah, insane insane run um from from Robin Hood for sure. Uh I was buying so far. Yeah, very nice. Uh very nice. Um what indicator did you use? I only have here moving averages and RSI. All the rest if you see an indicator have no clue. That's just trading view. Hood and hurry. Yeah, Hood has been Hood has been crazy. Um, but yeah, going back just to to show you what happens when you go public at the wrong time or wrong time, wrong price. This is Airbnb also went public here 2020 2020, reached all-time highs here 2021 at $224. Since then, you're basically underwater. Actually, you're underwater since it's basically flat since it went public. Despite the business growing, becoming more profitable, but this is what happens when you go public at a at an overpriced uh IPO, bad performance. Of course, you could have added here at $80 or so, but yeah, good company, bad time to go public during the biggest tech bibl. Um, I I I like this one. Uh, Neil, I know you talk about um, PayPal as well. Um, do you think it lacks innovation? Not anymore. I don't think so. Not anymore. Since Alex Chris came came back, I think they've been doing what they should be doing as a payment provider as uh, someone the company that owns Venmo. Cuz remember when we talk about innovation, it's PayPal here. They don't have to invent VR glasses or something like that or GPUs, right? payments. So, yes, they were slow before. Um because payments should be should have been easier, faster. Um especially when you use the the PayPal app, you don't have to go through 10,000 uh verifications. It should it should have been much easier, which it is right now. Um Brain Tree is of course getting better and better, more profitable for them, which is why growth is coming down, but growth should reacelerate in the second half of the year. Venmo has become, I think, the preferred way of payment in the in the United States, especially for the younger generation. It's completely crushing Cash App actually. Um, and again, since Alex Chris came in, he's made sure that the PayPal ecosystem actually works well together. Um, if you have money inside the PayPal ecosystem, whether it's on your PayPal account, the PayPal app, or Venmo, they can actually monetize it. You can actually use that money in smart ways. spend it, spend it in smart ways, get rewards, discounts. Um, now apparently in the PayPal app or PayPal app and maybe also Venmo app, you can basically manage all of your subscriptions. It's a cool thing, right? It's it's all in one place. All of your subscriptions are there, which makes it very easy for you to cancel anyone or or resubscribe. So, I don't think they're lacking innovation anymore. uh back and and like you mentioned Neil right this um this is a market where you don't see the innovation happening most likely a lot of the innovation happening here in the back end um it's maybe more like consumer-based products as well that that could be seen as innovation and and I don't know if that has changed a little bit more I mean I I I still use PayPal and VMO uh those are my the only two platforms I use um outside of cell um but yeah I yeah that that's the thing the innovation happens in the back end. So if you're a merchant or whatn not and you use PayPal and you see that your payments are are going faster it's maybe cheaper or whatever you are seeing that impact but for for us unless of course you use PayPal daily and and the PayPal app and Venmo then you can you can probably see that there they have been updating the app accordingly especially in the United States. So yeah, things definitely are are doing are getting much better for PayPal and I still think it's extremely extremely undervalued at the moment. Um doesn't mean should be at $300 right now, but in my my mind it can be at 100 and still be uh undervalued at the moment. So and they have stable coins. They have it. They do, right? They do, right? I was going to say I thought they did. Yeah. PayUSD is I think at a billion dollar market cap at the moment. So still small compared to Tether and and Circle but yeah they do have it and of course they they'll scale it accordingly and once they can scale it more and more use it inside the ecosystem it's uh of course going to be very good for them because margins are are better plus they can make money on the stable coin. Yeah. Um, and would you would think, I mean, PayPal works with all these big businesses with things like Brain Tree and all that. Um, do you think that gives them an edge for maybe some of these companies that would want to integrate um some form of stable coin into their business? Um, by having already that that foot on the door, uh, Neil, or do you think maybe more more companies would rather go to like a like a circle, which seems to look like more of like a pure play. So you believe because they're more of like a pure play, they uh they know that technology a little bit better. I mean with Brainree of course this can be part of the value proposition when you go to one of those uh big merchants or or whatn not restaurant chains you name it and say look this is everything that we offer. We also have a stable coin which means that take rate might might be a bit a bit lower but there is a way for for you to make to make a bit more money or for PayPal to make a little bit more money just they have to pay a bit less. Um but it's definitely part of the value proposition when they when they go to uh to their customers for sure because why not right but if if you are coming there with all of the solutions from Brainree if you have your own stable coin in PayPal why why would the other companies suddenly start to go with an outside company have okay maybe want to create our own stable coin when everything can be done inside the PayPal ecosystem because remember PayPal has the two-sided ecosystem us the customer and the other side, merchants, which is very good also for advertising, which is a business that didn't exist a couple of years ago and is existing today and will probably scale up to become probably a multi-billion dollar business in the future. Um, good question. Good question. I mean, logically speaking, I would say so just because market no because market cap was it is much much lower. Um, but purely on based on today's price, I just think that PayPal today should should be worth 50% more than it is at the moment. So, like if I could get my 50% today, um, I' I'd take uh I'd take PayPal, but for let's say the next 10 plus years or so, I'd probably take Yeah. Uh, SoFi. But luckily, I don't have to choose because I have both. Yeah. I I I don't know how we got into this, but music I I I just want to say thank you for for giving us this knowledge. Asteroids and Pac-Man were the first video games. Appreciate that bit of knowledge. Um really, wasn't it that um Oh, I I know I know what Asteroids is. You think I'm an amateur? No, no. I thought I was going to say I thought it was that tennis. That's not asteroids, right? It was like the back and forth. Yeah, the ping pong. I thought that was one of the first. That's what I was trying to say. Astro Let's ask Google what I did first. Music better not be hallucinating over here giving us pong. Thank you. Right, Marco? That's what I was saying. Josh again part. Yeah. Yeah. Tennis for two in 1958. Yeah. Tune to what I was saying. And you thought I was I don't know what you were doing here. You're a puppeteer. It was the pong. Doom. Doom. Doom. That was giving you the sound effects. And now, now I'm actually curious. When did Pac-Man come out? 1984. 1980. I see here. Oh, that was close. Yeah, very close actually. And Asteroids 1982. 79. I was still close. Yes, very close. Did you watch the Tetris movie that came out in 84 actually? Tetris? No. Very, very good. Very good movie. Wait, the Tetris movie that came out on 84 or Tetris? No, no, the Tetris movie Tetris the game came out 84, but the Tetris the movie came out I think two years or so ago on Apple. Um, it's a very, very good movie. Um, Marco says he's old enough, lol. And the email was popular way before the internet as you know it was. I mean I I I don't know was if I was emailing back then when in 1984. Yeah. 1984. Um all right back to stocks real quick. Um real quick UNC UNH. What are you doing here? Neil, I know you own it, so would love to hear your um your thoughts. Yeah, I still own it. I still own it. Um let's see back. I still own it. Seems like it's it's been the same range for actually since yeah, miday. It's been at $300 or so. Uh it did try to go above that 20 20day moving average last week. didn't didn't hold. Of course, we have earnings at the end of July. Um, to be honest, I mean, tomorrow is that July 9th thing. I I don't know if we're going to get What is today's event or is there an event today or something? I see like that thing right under that just a dividend or something. Yeah. Oh, just latest updates. Oh, they do latest updates. Oh, okay. H Yeah. I guess now with AI, I think everybody wants to add as much uh info as possible. Uh but yeah, anyways, tomorrow is that July 9 deadline. Whether it's a real deadline or not doesn't really matter anymore cuz all the letters have been sent yesterday. So already know which countries got the letters, which countries did not get the facts. Uh pigeon voyager, I don't know how how they did it, but uh yeah, I I actually I wouldn't mind adding a little bit more if it stays like this for for the next couple of days. Um, so yeah, I still I still like it for the short term cuz how much I know I know this is a very dangerous thing to say. How much more can this go down? Ah, Neil, you don't want to say that. H, someone clip it. I don't know if that's a thing. And bring it back in a year from now. Yeah, a year or maybe just a couple of weeks. Like, how much more can this go down? Pause. famous last words. Um but yeah, no I I don't know if if guidance is really really that bad where it's been reduced by I don't know how much then okay then maybe it could go down but we have already been slashed by 50% here for a company that still generates $410 billion in revenue. So, of course, margins can be impacted. Again, I hope the guidance will enlighten me a little bit more on whatever gets mentioned in that big beautiful bill because I assume they know exactly what what got mentioned there. So, yeah, we'll see. I I still I still like it for the short run. I don't uh I'm not planning on holding this for the next 10 20 years or so. Although, whoever did buy it 10 20 years ago has been doing extremely well. Um, but yeah, just not for me, but I like it. $300, I think, is still good for me. Yeah. Um, let's see. Top Cat mentions he missed the three to four or they missed the three to four% dips. I didn't are are things up a nice amount premarket today, Neil, that there's no dips. I mean yesterday I depend on on what's what company is talking about because I don't know if uh if so many things did dip not that many things were down 5% yesterday in the popular names actually. Uh Tempus is here at $58. I don't know someone asked about Tempus. Doesn't seem like I mean it was at 75 now we're going a bit a bit lower. Um but yeah, nothing crazy around around Tempest at the moment. Although I might have seen a note here. Um Tempest AI expands its care pathway platform. Tempest next into breast cancer. The tool integrates EMR the data to help doctors close biomarker testing gaps. Okay, just a good uh announcements I guess for for Tempest holders, but that's about it. Uh, let's see. I'm just scrolling to see if I see anything on Google stock market right now. Tommy doesn't think healthcare will move much in 2025 with RFK Jr. in charge of healthcare in the United States. I think it depends what company I think it depends what companies we're talking about because some of these companies again I don't think he he will say anything that should change the way these companies do their business. I think it had more to do with what's included in the bill in the spending in the cuts. Um again might might be mistaken and it's true that healthcare has been uh an industry that has underperformed over the past couple of years but uh yeah wait did you I know you talked about SoFi why is the stock up 4% did you mention that was I not paying attention when to yesterday premarket it's up about 3.4%. Ah, lovely. My god. I I felt like I wasn't paying attention. I felt pretty bad, but now I $20 so far. $20. Haha. Where are my Sound Soundhound is up 8%. Um, not sure why. Did you say anything nice about it? Did you do a video, Neo? No, but we talked about it during the stream, so I guess I guess now we have stream power. I guess now we have stream power. As you see, this is all new. It has nothing to do with me. Don't care. I'm not American. [Laughter] Um, let's see if we actually probably not. I think it's just momentum at the moment. It's just momentum. Or maybe they did announce nice momentum. I mean 3% from pretty much nothing is a good momentum. Let's sound hound. Let's see if anyone follows this company and has something to say. Uh or maybe it's just the technical stuff. I don't know. Probably it's just the technical stuff, but let's check off. Um think we're getting a short squeeze. Some say it's the couch effect. Some say it's the AMD effect. What about AMD? Is AMD up or Yeah, it is up. Oh, AMD is Yeah. Huh. Okay. So, SoFi did announce something. Um, so it expands access to private markets with funds with uh from Kashmir. Huh, that's a very strange name to have. Kashmir Fundrise and Liberty Street Advisors. So Kashmir invest in a portfolio of high growth companies to give people access to early and growth stage private companies backed by cultural taste makers like Josh Allen. Those are uh what is this NFL, NBA iconic founders and top tier VCs. They leverage their platform and visibility as a distinct competitive advantage to drive market momentum and accelerate growth. I mean, I don't know how good investors uh Josh Allen and Jason Tatum are, but uh I think we we can be included in that. Uh Fundrise is the largest direct to consumer alternative asset manager in the US, serving over two million people. Fundrise is known for pioneering the democratization of real estate, I've heard of them, and venture capital through its online direct to investor platform. Okay. And the last one is an investment advisor that partners with experienced managers to offer differentiated investment strategy and opportunities in areas like private markets and alternative assets to help investors diversify uh beyond public stocks and uh bonds. Okay. Interesting. Interesting. It's funny because this is coming after after uh Robin Hood's uh stock token announcer. Yeah, I was going to say it kind of gives me a little bit of a vibe of like just trying to but here this is not stock tokens. So through you invest in the funds that get you get gives you exposure to multiple companies here. Um AI, machine learning, space technology, consumer products, healthcare, e-commerce, financial technology like OpenAI, SpaceX, Graza, Epic Games and more. Um and so with a minimum invest with investment minimum starting at just $10. uh so far is leveling the playing field. I mean this is pretty good. And it says here 10.9 million members. I would have assumed we already at 11, but okay. Um SoFi has already this was already announced before. So they already partnered with Templum to give members access to privately held companies uh via the Cosmos fund with asset classes offering sole exposure to top tech companies like SpaceX, datab bricks, XAI as well as the Pomona investment fund and Stepstone P. I never heard of those, but okay, who cares? And isn't that other one um the ARC uh private fund also available here? Correct. Yeah, correct. Um um so yeah very I guess I mean this is people were complaining right people were I mean you might not know but people were complaining that oh Anthonyto doesn't doesn't do anything they don't compete with Robin Hood Robin Hood is far ahead blah blah blah blah blah blah but uh first of all different strategies here Robin Hood and SoFi second of all this is a very good move okay this is a very good move this has nothing to do with stock tokens or whatnot because here you actually get the exposure of of course through these funds. Um, and by the way, after a week of semi complaining on X, I finally got my Open AI and SpaceX tokens on my Robin Hood account. Nice. Nice. And then right here, Sopi just hit 20. Um, Neil, h how how do you think this is a possibility? I mean, you see it with like Nvidia and AMD sometimes. You uh we saw it about a year ago. AMD got that excitement from being kind of like the next second player. Um now Palanteer, you kind of maybe see it with Big Bear AI. H right kind of with that trend at least with that thought process. I might have missed in Palunteer. Let me go into the second player. You think I mean Eddie Jay has a point here. It could some, not all the momentum. Obviously, you you know the business and the way you talk about it, it definitely has strong fundamentals behind it. But do you think some of the trend behind it could be caused by some of the excitement happening in in Robin Hood or you think these two are are kind of um two different spectrum of investors where it really doesn't have even a minor effect on on on the trends happening here. I because remember this is not so far has been known in the retail community I think even longer than Robin Hood. Robin Hood became very popular once it started to go up. Um I I know this because I spoke about Robin Hood at $8 and $10 and if you go back to my videos barely anyone watched those even the live stream um back then. And so Robin Hood uh so far had already a big following. Maybe people are saying, "Oh, if Robin Hood is worth $80 billion right now, Sofi could be worth as well." But I don't think you can make that comparison right now because SoFi again is not an unknown company. It has been in the uh spotlight for quite a long time, especially in retail, especially in in fintech. You could make that case for the other company we did touch on Bull uh Weebull because that's a way but because that's a really a direct comparison like brokerage platform um UI resembles that of Robin Hood and so this one could be could be a direct uh comparison for people that miss the boat on hood and are looking for the next one. I don't think that SoFi is that one because actually a lot of people that own Hood also own Sofi. So, um I think we could have could could be the the case here. Although the case, yeah, the stock did rebound a tiny bit, but not not by much. Um and again, I never understood this uh oh, Robin Hood is better than Sofa or Sofa is better than Robin Hood. Like it's different companies that are trying to do different types of things. Again, Robin Hood more focused on the brokerage side of the platform. Yes, it does offer you other other things there. Um, but SoFi also being a bank, right? Right? Because Sofa has a bank, they of course can't do everything that they want just like a Robin Hood because well banks are heavily regulated in the United States and so launching betting markets right with Calcio whatever I don't think was an option for a for a SoFi and yeah of course Robin Hood right now outperforming SoFi um by a lot but I still think that SoFi has been doing extremely extremely Sounds good, Neil. Thank you for that. Um, I was just trying to look here pre-market if we see anything else crazy. Um, the only one that I see really up right now from some of the list that I follow is um, Soundhound, but I don't think there's no there. And Uber keeps making new alltime highs. It's as if the autonomous threat has completely disappeared. Just like just like that. Bam. Um yeah uh you have IMS I have SI so hood and I'm not buying bull and Eddie just want to say thank you for your thoughts there couch uh yeah I agree I mean I can see the reasoning behind your thoughts Eddie I especially for someone who's not into this market like myself I I I can definitely see why um and and we see it a lot in the tech and semiconductor space so Uh definitely definitely great thoughts there from you Eddie. Um this is maybe also a good comparison, right? Mhm. AMD, Nvidia, you missed Nvidia and so Oh, the next Nvidia. This was back in 2024. AMD at $228. No, AMD was not the next Nvidia. So poof a drop today AMD although the stock price is much lower today AMD here is a much better company than AMD here. Yes. Um, and so yeah, I would I would say that yeah, AMD could also be in that uh in that example where you missed company X and so you're looking for company B and company B in this case was AMD uh back says let's see the heat map. Is there I I don't think there's a pre-market heat map though. So I still there's no heat map in premarket unfortunately. So you will have to wait 15 minutes until we actually see the heat map become dark red. I'm looking at my chip at most chip stocks. Neil, everything seems to be up uh at at least green. Nothing crazy. Um between zero to like one or 2% at most 2% uh but closer to zero to 1%. Um you have your Nvidia, your even Intel 6%. You have Meta about 6%. So nothing um luckily right now nothing looks too too reddish. Um so maybe maybe a nice but green chart we will see. Was there a reason why uh most ship socks were down yesterday? I don't know. I think it was just the overall market fears. Um hm I I don't know if I mean certain countries like uh I guess South Korea right uh you have a lot of memory plays in there um which could have maybe kind of hurt Japan as well um has to do with certain type of uh semiconductor um equipment comes from Japan some of the tools there. So I wonder if just since those two countries made the list yesterday, um it created some fear in the overall market, but it nothing was too red yesterday that I saw in the chip space. I think like two two% after a nice rally uh that we've seen in in a lot of semiconductor stocks. I mean AMD prime example was just at $100 like less than two months ago. Um it has kind of really rallied up. Um I I want to share this thoughts right there. Uh not that one. Um, did you click this one, Neil, or did I? Yeah, because I found this crazy. Someone just all in Oscar held for a million when it dropped six to 16. I mean, uh, that's, uh, not too bad. Yeah. Was that you, Neil? I wish I had a million to drop on one position. Um, John here. Um, Jose, any thoughts on Super Micro? Um I mean as we're seeing right John the AI server space is growing like crazy right you're you're seeing all these massive investments uh you're seeing uh massive investments not just from hyperscalers but you're seeing that the enterprise space is also starting to enter into the AI market. So I want to say the bullish case for super micro is that it's just this is a market where a a lifting tide rises all boats. Um, to me the big bearish case and the reason I don't own Super Micro is just I'm not a fan of the business. Uh, I'm not a fan of kind of like this hardware approach. Um, and to me, if I wanted to invest in that AI growth, I feel like there's other ways around it where I I there might be businesses with different types of of um competitors and different types of business models that I prefer a lot better. So, um I I I would say I wouldn't be surprised if the stock continues to go higher. It's just not one I would put in my portfolio because I'm not a fan at all of the business model. Uh obviously not a fan of in uh the leadership. I don't know why, Neil. Um every time I hear their CEO talk in any type of presentation, and I noticed this from like GTC even two years ago, uh when he would go and talk, it would be for him a pure selling game. Um it where no matter when you go, it's it's definitely a selling game, right? You want to up talk your product, but you also want to make it in a discussion where it's more of like you're with the whatever partner you're working with, it's like a a back and forth. Every time I would hear it would be more like a a me super micro, super micro, and that's that. And that always rubbed me the wrong way. Um, so I'm not a huge fan of leadership, but again, luckily in a a market where it's just growing, even a poor leader can continue to do really well. Um, and the final thing that I wasn't a fan of is they had to revise their um their guidance uh recently. And one of the main reasons is they had too many hopper solutions. So it tells me that management right now is not doing that well with the inventory itself. they overpurchased Hopper platforms uh not thinking that it was gonna um not thinking that maybe I should wait off and maybe not buy this many just to see how the market uh takes it. Uh so it seems like they get a little too excited and they react to that excitement too much. So um management might be another reason not huge fan of super micro. I mean plus everything else around the company I guess. Uh yeah, but I mean regardless, right, technically the stock can still do really well. I mean, this market is growing like crazy. So even if you don't, even if management does everything wrong, you can still end up making a lot and a lot of money. Um so I can see why certain investors would want to purchase. Uh just the AI server market is growing like crazy. I agree. I agree. I mean, if they were to reach their what was it $40 billion in revenue in fiscal 26? Mhm. um wouldn't be crazy for the stock with a market cap of $28 billion to go up a little bit. Um again, low margin business. Um margins have been declining. So even if they generate more revenue than the market cap don't always have to go up that much, but yeah. Yeah. Now I I do think with the margins they always talk about it that the margins take a hit later on throughout the season of a of a new ar of a architecture and a chip because you have more competitors. All right. So now you have to see the blackwell blackwell ultra is coming out. What is going to if margins decrease? What is going to be the excuse there? If now they're it's the new architecture and the new chip here. Um in theory we shouldn't see much pressure on their margins. But if they keep putting excuses there, that would also be a red flag. If you kind of see margins go up dramatically, um then maybe you can say, "Oh, look, actually, they were right." Uh but I think they have to prove that margins um was just an issue um because of the last generation. Agreed. Agreed. I am I'm just looking at uh what companies um for the SoFi funds thing what companies you get exposure to. Uh and it seems like you might also get exposure to to the likes of Entropic and Android Andre. It's very interesting very interesting for those that do have so there's another question from Achilles here. Jose are you in in cadence? I I'm not Achilles. Um, I'm neither in Cadence nor Synopsis. Um, but I do believe both these stocks are really strong in the software space. Uh, I I I've done plenty of videos on both uh Cadence and Synopsis, especially when they were much lower where I was extremely bullish on them, but it's just I didn't have the funds and I'd rather had the funds going into other companies instead. But, uh, Cadence and Synopsis, I think, are always going to be strong players. you're always going to need um these technologies and and um now you you actually got that bullish sentiment recently from the Yeah. So both cadence and synopsis during those tips I have a few videos unfortunately videos on cadence and synopsis don't do that well Neil so it's like you have to no you have to title them better because I did check I don't know what very random um I did check Tom Nash's video days ago and I see here this one AI stock will make millionaires and I'm like what is this cadence like Cadence? Yeah, Jose, he stole your views. Uh, I mean, and now that now that it's gotten that popularity, um, I hear more about Cadence, but it's like, um, I don't know, take advantage of it. You have to take advantage of it because you know this better than anyone. U, but yeah, no, Cadence definitely and Synopsis both very bullish. Uh, I think both are very strong. Uh, I think the market tries to push Cadence over Synopsis. I think they just have different growth opportunities and but uh Lee Bhutan was a great great player here in in um when he was the CEO of Cadence and I I actually see that um kind of trickle down to Cadence his strength right now. Yeah, agreed. Agreed. Um do you think it can be a millionaire maker since we are talking titans? Yeah, let's see. Cadence stock. Let me see valuation right now. I mean it a time I mean can cadence be a trillion dollar company? I don't think so. Can this be a 500 billion dollar company? I don't know. I don't think so either. Can it be a 250? I think 250 is possible in the in the multi- in the multi-year time frame. Um a software player like this with high margins and maybe 250 is still pushing closer to 200. uh a millionaire maker. Uh I mean only if you're probably doing 750 800 coming in with 750 and 800,000, right? Um uh I I I think this is going to beat the market. I definitely do. I think Cadence will beat the market. Um synopsis very well. Um I think to the strong business, but um a tenbagger, I don't know. I don't think so. I would say no to a tanbagger. I would uh I would probably agree. Um it's it's funny that Ruben here asked here about Shark Ninja. You probably know the company, right? Maybe you have one of their blenders or whatever at home. Oh my goodness. Are they public? Of course they're public. They're an incredible company. Yes. I mean, I don't have any other products, but my my some of my friends like that's all they're willing to buy. Yeah. No, no, they they're a public company. I actually talked about them uh on the channel I think at the start of the year or something like that. Um so yeah, I mean very very good company to be honest. Very good company trending um up and to the right. I think even even margins are are quite good for for this company. Let me check. Um let's see. Let me pull up fiscal. Let's see together. Um, so first of all, yeah, expecting to grow quite nicely. Gross margin wise has been improving for the last couple of years. Um, pretty good revenue-wise. Let's see. This is, of course, a trend you want to see up and to the right. Of course, this is not like a company growing 30% every year, but double digits. I'd say put a little banner. Exactly. Put a little banner. That is true. That is true. Um can check it out. Of course, fiscal.ai 15% off. New users will get two weeks of pro for free. Um yeah. Now, Shark Ninja has been has been doing very well. So, if we go here to segments and KPIs and actually see how they generate revenue and where um let's put it on the quarterly. So they have cleaning appliances, cooking and beverage, food preparation and and others. Which one's the biggest? Which one's the biggest? It seems like we're still cleaning appliances is the biggest. Although a quarter although cooking and beverage was pretty big as well, but which cleaning has not been growing that much over the past couple of years. Uh barely actually. The fastest growing is food preparation. makes sense. Um, and then cooking and beverages. Okay, other products, but I don't know what the other products mean because that has been growing quite quickly. But yeah, this is how they generate they generate revenue. Um, let's actually massive decline this past quarter, right? Uh, but I think that's because because Q4 I mean the December quarter is always the peak. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But is it is it up from year over year? Yeah. Okay. Yeah, makes sense. code for being pig. Yeah. Yeah. Um let's see if we can see some some pictures here, but it doesn't seem like it. But I think most of you know what Shark Ninja Shark Ninja. Let's see. Yeah, they have air fryers, they have grill, little blenders, ice cream maker. Um let's see. Huh. This show has turned into an advertisement for Shark Ninja. They should they should sponsor us. So this is basic I mean ah our product maybe the Shark brand should have scrolling. Okay. So apparently they've got all of this hair skin air purifiers cordless vacuum. So it's like the Dyson ones. Um, I robot competitor I guess. No, I don't want 10% off. Um, okay. Can buy it straight. I mean, very interesting company. Um, is it something that I'd like to buy and own in my portfolio? Probably not. Probably it's one of those companies where I I rather own the product than the stock. Although logically speaking, if you like the product, then you should be buying the stock as well because it will continue to go to go up if they continue to make great products. But yeah, over the last was it five years stock is up 154% market cap just under 15 billion. Um revenue wise 5.69 billion margin growth 48.2 2 AIDA 13.4 net margin of 7.9 and free cash flow of 3.5 uh% average analyst price target sits not that much higher at $120 right now forward P21 um price to free cash flow 27.2 too. That that is the the really question. The really question. Um but know very very good very good company actually. I don't know who talked who who talked about this. Reuben talked about this and he said Joseph talked about it. I guess Joseph Carson maybe. Well, I don't know. Only Joe I know is me. Jose Jose didn't that didn't go sound a lot better in my head. Yeah. Uh I didn't know Joseph Carlson talks about shark ninja stocks but then again he talks about everything. Um but yeah anyways uh market is about to open. Do check out fiscal.ai link is down in the description and in the pinned comment after the stream. Uh but yeah let's see. I do have a poll running and it seems like 67% of the people think the market will finish green, 12% say red and 21% say flat. And with that, the markets are open. No bell. No. What? Maybe keys. Should I do keys? I have the keys to the market. Click. You have the keys to the market. Unlock the green gates. Uh, so far plenty of green on the sides. It will need some updating. Voila. Um, we've got plenty of green, some red, but not much. Um, Rocket Lab is red a little bit. Makes sense because it kept going up and up and up. Palanteer is down 1%. Big deal. Um, but all the rest seems to be green. Robin Hood up 3.8%. SoFi up 4% now. Uh, Micron up 3%, Pindoo Dual 2.7, Tempest 2.8, Olo is up, uh, AMD is up 1.3, Reddit is up 1.4. Um, so yeah, Oscar, let's see, Oscar 1.3 as well here. Let's maybe have a quick look at our Let me refresh this one more time to see a much better picture, I'd say. Hm. Oracle up 2.2. two. Okay. Oracle 2.2. Microsoft is not moving at the moment. Um, so yeah, we've got a lot of greens. Hood now up 4.5%. Uber flat at the moment. Nvidia up. Let's see what's what's going on maybe with our uh out potential our potential yolo yolo up 1.4 applied digital. Mhm. Okay. Okay. Um where is it? Yeah. 1 point. Okay. 9.77. Where is iron? Wron up 4.25%. this thing. These things are going nuts. Um, so yeah, I mean tempting, right? Tempting the Euro bet. Why not? Why not? Why not? Um, Sound Hound is up uh 10%. Apparently, um, sound is up 10%. So, yeah. Uh, Carlson in his last video. Okay. But I can say that I talked about it earlier. Voila. So if it goes up, it's mine. Uh, yoloed a very small position. Are you guys with me or am I a solo in my yolo? I I think I'll be I think I'll be with you today. I think I play I'll just do it right now. I'm doing 600 shares right now. Apply. I just play 600. All right. All right. I'm with you, Roberto. [Music] I I did 600 shares of um applied and I did I'm actually like Nvidas right now too. So I'm doing a quick yellow on Nvidas. Nvitas. Really? Nvitas? Yeah. Yep. Nvitas. Um 600. No, I got that's the most I have here on this trading account. 538.09. That's what I have. I did about the same value for both Nvidas and applied these two. I I don't know. I've been thinking of them. Roberto just told me to do it. So, Roberto, we're doing it. So, let me write Jose 600 shares you said. Yeah, it's it's I mean remember guys, it it seems yellow, but for me it's like it's not going to be much to my overall portfolio, but it did do 600. Voila. It is official. Sounds good. It's official. It is official. Let's go. Um the ticker is on the screen right now. Ald is for Applied Digital. Watch it go $6. Yeah, just to keep me also um humbled for later. Um Nvidita I did a thousand shares which is about the same value around these. So um that that was the other yellow I did. So those are my two for now. And it's now almost red. Oh my god. Um so this is apply digital and vas. This one's actually up 3%. So, knight had So, the Vas I got Yeah. 6.26 was my uh my my uh entry on the Vas pumper pumper. Uh all right. All right. Um with that said, of course, do not gamble money. Uh no, definitely not that that you need. Um we anyways follow this space so it's easier for us to follow these things. Um plus it's yeah that's the great thing right we we're saying yellow and and good thing yeah we do follow the space um and these are two companies we've kind of been thinking about earlier on correct um tomorrow we no tomorrow we probably will want to be live because I yeah let's say now imagine if both of these drop and we're like oh these guys didn't show up because of that we're not scheduled for tomorrow most likely yeah tomorrow we tomorrow tomorrow I don't think we will be we will be live but we'll be back uh Thursday. Thursday I think so right? Yeah Thursday it should be good and depending on what we see on Friday maybe even a Friday stream at least a short depending on digital and and the vas um but yeah we'll we'll see we'll see what happens. We will of course talk uh now that we now that we own it, we will talk maybe a little bit more and follow those developments along along the way. Um but yeah, it's very like it's barely a percent of the portfolio and uh it won't really impact us that much. Hopefully it's a 10x and then it will. Yeah, Roberto here causing trouble. Yeah, but Roberto, you're not solo in your yolo uh bet. So, voila. All right, take care, guys.