Crazy day for AI and semiconductor investors. We're going to take a closer look at some recent news impacting Nvidia. Some bullish, some bearish, especially dealing with China. Then I want to take a closer look at a semiconductor company that is looking extremely extremely cheap after earnings and obviously obviously we have to take a closer look at Amazon. The company reported earnings and unfortunately the stock is down. Uh so we're going to hear what they had to say about kind of the AI space. Let's take a closer look in today's episode. I want to thank the Mly Fool for sponsoring this video and check out fool.com/hose for the 10 best stocks to buy now. With that link, you get a promotional offer for their subscription service. Now, let's continue with today's episode. Now, the main topic the main topic that we have for Nvidia right now is China flags concerns over potential security risk in Nvidia's H20 chip. So if you take a closer look at what's being said is regulators said it had summoned Nvidia into a meeting on Thursday to explain whether its H20 AI chip had any backdoor security risk as it is worried that Chinese user data and privacy rights could be affected. A backdoor risk refers to a hidden method of bypassing normal authentication or security controls. In a statement, an Nvidia spokesperson said, "Cyber security is critical is critically important to us. Nvidia does not have back doors in our chips that would give anyone a remote way to access or control them. The main thing that's happening right now is the United States wants to make sure that the proper chips are being sent to the proper regions and are and are not ending up in the wrong locations or in the wrong hands." So the White House and um the US Congress, the both houses of US Congress have proposed the idea of requiring US chip firms to include location verification technology with their chips to prevent them from being diverted to countries where US export laws ban sales. So because of this, the Chinese government just wants to make sure that there's no kind of backdoor happening with Nvidia chips. I do believe this is just a lot of noise. It might be just kind of ways for maybe the US, the Chinese government to force some of their companies to continue to invest in Chinese domestic players, but I believe the demand for Nvidia chips is still going to be extremely extremely high. So, um this alone wouldn't be a fear of mine for or or kind of like a bearish thesis for Nvidia's chips, but it does open up another c uh another bag of worms that maybe investors should think about. Right now, one of the risks that H20s are being sent to China again and AI chips being sent back to China, one of the potential headwinds could be if the United States deems that we should stop and we can no longer do that again. It kind of shuts that market again. Now, I believe the chances of that are very low right now, especially as we're working trade deals with uh China, but it is possible. It is possible. I'm not saying it's impossible. But now the other thing kind of came out out of nowhere uh after reading this is what if China eventually says you know what we don't need your chips here we actually want uh our companies to invest in domestic plays we're going to ban your chips from entering this market. Um so so that's something I didn't think could be a possibility but now it's looking I don't believe it's going to happen but there is now the probability of something like that. So I wanted to kind of include that thought process and would love to hear your thoughts in the comments below. Now that was the bearish news. Now kind of some bullish news. So OpenAI to do today introduced Stargate Norway. For those that are not familiar, OpenAI is creating this Stargate project all over the world to help build data centers and to help build these data centers where Stargate o OpenAI will be able to use those data centers in partnerships with these companies. So uh they mentioned they're launching Stargate Norway, OpenAI's first AI data center initiative in Europe under their open AI for countries program. Stargate Norway partners includes Nscale, a leading AI infrastructure provider and the site will be designed and built by Nscale and is expected to be owned by a 50/50 joint venture between Nscale and Acre. Now, Stargate Norway is planned to deliver 230 megawatts of capacity with ambitions to expand by an additional 290 megawatt. The facility will target to deliver 100,000 Nvidia GPUs. Uh we heard from Jensen that these are GB300's by the end of 2026 with the intention to expand significantly in the years ahead. Another interesting point is this facility will run entirely on renewable power and is expected to incorporate closed loop direct to chip liquid cooling to ensure maximum cooling efficiencies. Uh so I think obviously for OpenAI it's pretty cool that they're finding other ways to kind of build some data center solutions. I wonder how it's going to work out if it's going to be designed and have this joint venture 50/50 with Nscale and Acre and not much amhip by OpenAI. I guess it's just going to be a a data center where OpenAI's AI models will be running globally uh in that part of the region. Now the big winner here is Nvidia, right? 100,000 GPUs and this is just one country. We continue to see the Stargate projects being built up and Nvidia continues to grow from the sovereign AI. So it's not something that would grow that would push the stock to be higher, right? I I don't think so. But it just shows that bullish sentiment that countries are waking up for their AI needs. Now, I mentioned in the intro that I wanted to take a closer look at a company that is looking somewhat attractive um with the current earnings dip, and that is going to be Qualcomm, ticker QCOM. Now, there are reasons for this to be a bit uh on the cheaper side, and I'll explain a little bit about that. But first, if you are enjoying the episode, make sure to hit the thumbs up and the subscribe button. trying to hit 75,000 subs by the end of the year. Also, check out the links below for my free newsletter and my special offer with fiscal.ai. So, we're going to see fisc.ai/hose. You get a prof uh a special offer of 15% off on any of their plans. This is a platform I use on a daily basis. You're going to see all the great charts and easy charts. And they have so much more that if you are serious about investing, I 100% would recommend them. Now, here we can see Qualcomm. Qualcomm is a company that's known for their mobile business and that is this orange the handset revenue. That's about $6.3 billion. Uh unfort is up year-over-year. Uh but we can see it is down sequentially. Now the other business the other business that I'm actually pretty excited is two business internet of things and the automotive market. So right, one of the things that Qualcomm knows is that it's known known as a phone business, but it wants to diversify into those other regions. And the automotive space, as we're getting smarter vehicles, you're going to need more chips. Qualcomm is providing internet of things, which I believe is a huge opportunity. Internet of Things is when you have um some form of product at home or in the industrial the industrial robotics, drones, smart watches, smart glasses, uh smart whatever, uh tablets, uh smart thermostats, uh smart security systems, anything smart is going to need some form of way to communicate to the internet. And that's pretty much what an internet of things are. And I do believe that is a huge market that can grow dramatically, especially in the era of AI. So, these two are growing at some nice levels and are becoming now a meaningful part of total revenue. Now, we're going to look at some of the we're going to look at some of their graphs and slides in a bit. Just kind of see that growth. But quickly looking at forward PE ratios. Right now, the stock is sitting at 12.34. The median the median is roughly 14.9, even closer to 15. So, this is a stock that's really really trading at cheap valuations at the moment. Now I wanted to kind of showcase some of the cool things from their uh from their presentation. The first thing that I want to mention is this. The automotive market is growing 984 up 21% year-over-year. The IoT is up 24% year-over-year. I do believe eventually these are going to be a big portion of this company's total revenue. They kind of talked that they have a nice backlog on their automotive market as we're getting smarter vehicles in general. that's going to be extremely bullish. But I actually am pretty excited about this. So Qualcomm is one that can definitely benefit from wearables AIS. And we're still not there yet, but I believe in the next two years there will be some form of strong product, not your phone, that is going to be used to kind of help bring AI locally. One of the most common process is or or product right now are glasses. We have smart glasses from Meta Platforms. We've had smart glasses and AI glasses being shown by Google IO. And usually those products are using the Snapdragon AR1 Plus Gen 1 chip. If if the next generation of products is not the phone that's going to run the AI era, and I don't think it's the phone. I think it's going to be something else. It could be your glasses. It could be these rings here. If this is a next multibillion dollar opportunity for the consumers, Qualcomm can benefit from it. And I do believe we're having big players really focus in this era. Like I mentioned, Meta and Google are just two to name. Uh but you also have OpenAI that's really focusing on some form of new AI wearable device. Uh and I think Qualcomm is one that can benefit. Now what I'm going to say is while it is cheap, I don't expect this one to move much for some time. I think this is going to be a stock that has the opportunity where you can dollar cost average for a few quarters before we really see some of the traction of that AI era and that AI AI edge era. Now Qualcomm is also entering into other markets. They did make an acquisition to kind of have data center solutions but that revenue is not expected to come out until at the end of this decade closer to 2028. So again, there is time for Qualcomm and this is a stock that has been quiet. It does does return a lot of amount of money to shareholders. You're going to see um that they have strong buybacks. They have a nice dividend. Uh over here we can see the amount of shareholder buybacks and repurchase and dividends is pretty pretty strong. So Qualcomm is looking pretty attractive. I do believe there is a growth opportunity, but I also believe that opportunity will persist for some time. So hopefully hopefully you guys enjoy that one. Now I want to take a closer look at Amazon. So Amazon right now is down roughly 6.6% after hours. There was a lot of excitement for the stock beforehand. Right in the past 5 days we did see kind of the stock pull up a little bit in the past month. The stock is definitely ripping it in right now sitting at $218. Those are prices seen about a month ago in June. So it's not like it I would consider this a crash at all. But there were some things that the market did not like. Uh a lot of worries about obviously foreign exchange risk impacting the company. Also tariffs cost increasing impacting the company and the cloud business didn't grow maybe to the expectations that some of the top analysts were looking at. Now it wasn't a bad quarter. It definitely wasn't a bad quarter. I I did the earnings call live with with NEO. We did the live stream and make sure to join us every every once in a while on the live stream if you have any questions there. Um but um I didn't think it was a bad quarter. It just wasn't a blue and loud quarter that maybe a lot of people were interested in. Now as an AI investor, what was I looking at? The first thing is they mentioned quarter 2 capex was around $31.4 billion. Most of this is going for things like generative AI as they do believe there is a unusually large opportunity here. They also mentioned that quarter 2's capex rate is expected to continue for the rest of 2025. So you're saying about $30 billion for the next three for the next two quarters. So just in three quarters alone that's about 90 billion and they did somewhere around 20 billion in quarter 1. So 110 so billion dollars in capital expenditure just from Amazon alone. A good portion of that going into AI. Now they mentioned that the AI demand is still growing like crazy. Right now demand is outstripping capacity. pretty much what we heard from Google, what we heard from Microsoft. AWS annualized revenue is 123 billion with backlog 195 up 25% year-over-year. Now, they mentioned that there's still infrastructure bottlenecks. The biggest is power. That is the single biggest constraint. Second is the availability and new generation delays. So, and there are Nvidia for example, the black world took a little bit longer to come out due to some issues and that affected some of the infrastructure bottlenecks there. The next thing they mention is supply chain like server manufacturing and component deals and and the CEO mentions that resolutions will take several quarters to really see the improvements but overall it is pretty much there. The final thing they talked about is they mentioned that AI is still in early innings. So Micros uh am there was a question pretty direct saying the street is saying you're failing in AI. What is going on? and management says look right now most of the AI investments are going into training. We don't believe that's a market we should focus on too much right now. There's a lot of big players doing that. What we should really focus on is the next generation of inference and that's going to be where most of this market opportunity is going to be. So they were saying it's okay for us to not go crazy right now because we're still super super early and we just need to wait it out until it goes into this inference where that's where most of the market is going to go. So the real question is is this really their I their thoughts or is this just a excuse for them maybe not investing too much too quickly like some of the other players. Now one of the bullish things that they have said is right now 85% of IT spending is still on premise. So regardless of AI there's still a huge market opportunity for the cloudy business. And now if you accelerate that with AI there's just a super super growth expected here for uh AWS. So I mean I understand why the market might not be happy about their AWS growth. I also do agree with them that we're still in early infies and if they just buy more chips and more servers in the future, they'll be a-ok. Okay. Regardless, the story is the same for AI companies right now. Right now, there is so much more more demand than there is compute. And as more people become more aware and use AI more often, that demand is going to increase dramatically more. So that compute is still going to be a massive massive tailwind. Uh so definitely still a nice bullish sentiment. I am getting more excited to look more into power companies and not necessarily kind of like your utilities companies but I do believe there might be some niche plays because we continue to see this being the single biggest constraint. Now the final thing is there are things happening right now on tariffs. Um Trump tariff rates ahead of deadline and and we see some updates there. I'm going to say I haven't read on this too much. I just wanted to inform that that's happening. Maybe you can find another channel that covers it a little bit better. But through the upcoming hours, maybe early tomorrow, we'll have an update on this. Now, focusing on the AI space and semiconductors, I do believe right now semiconductors are still in a period where there is some form of investigation and research happening on the supply chain. So until we get that research done, we really won't know where the tariffs will really impact. Uh so something to consider there. Um but if they are crucial for AI and for AI development, I think they will most likely have a pass on some of these SARS. So I hope you guys enjoyed today's episode. Take care. Have a good day. And see you all next