[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Hello everyone and good morning, good afternoon. Welcome back to the breakfast show with myself and my co-host here, Jose. How are you today? Pretty good. Pretty good. Good morning and good morning to everybody uh joining us. Uh yeah, we're we're getting better at this, it seems, Neil. A little bit more frequent. I'm happy. Yeah, a bit more. Yeah. No, we we started three times a week. Now this is a fourth time in a row, though. Shorter stream. I mean, it's better than nothing. It's better than nothing. At at least at least you get to see us one extra day uh for the week. Remember, tomorrow the markets in the United States are closed for the 4th of July. Jose and everyone is going to get drunk for the the whole the whole weekend. For the whole weekend. That's exactly what we do here in America. We uh we get drunk for the whole Fourth of July weekend. Um so today's video I do want to I do want to discuss the OpenAI Oracle news. Uh there was also some news that came out with regards to US lifting chip design software curves against China and maybe some uh misunderstanding from some um that it might or might not impact companies like AMD or Nvidia. So we're going to talk about about all of that and then maybe some uh some fintech stocks as well. maybe one specific one because uh fintech has been getting a little bit more love more recently. We also have some macro data here. So like Nuno says here non-farm payrolls uh up 147,000 estimated one was 106,000 unemployment rate 4.1% estimated number was 4.3%. So again, um I mean the first number is more than expected and then the unemployment rate falling is definitely is definitely something good. Um um yeah and and and just kind of um showcase some of the love we're getting here in the OSO. Good morning. Uh good morning. Good morning Waldo. Good morning Kareem. Um good morning Nicholas. Good day. Good guys. Uh good day guys. You both are great to follow. Appreciate it. Can hear you guys all day is quite informative. Um, and Kimberly just agrees with um the overall sentiment. That's what Americans do for Fourth of July. We get uh drunk all weekend. Um and yourself. Good morning. Yes, myself. Good morning to all. Good morning, Jose. Thank you for joining us. Um I was actually in the States last year. I said that yesterday. I was 4th of July in uh in Vegas last year. Was uh pretty good. pretty pretty good. Um, we have some more data actually. Uh, some more macro data. So, let me pull that one up when that wants to load. Voila. Um, so yeah, it seemed I mean it's good data. I don't know if it's great for rate cuts because good macro data usually means that why would you cut, right? If everything looks great, why would you start cutting? So the null fun payrolls we talked about that unemployment rate as well. Average uh hourly earnings year-over-year 3.7% estimated one was 3.78. Uh average hourly earnings month over month was up.2 2 estimated was.3 a US jobless claims 233,000 estimated number was 240.5 and then the US continuing claims 1.9 it's very specific 1.964 million versus the estimated number 1.962 million. So uh I mean yeah good numbers good numbers I guess. Let's see what the uh market's reaction is right now. Pre-market, we still have the uh 10-year yield at 4.34%. I think that jumped a little bit since yesterday. Yeah, actually it jumped right now. It jumped right now. Um and I assume let's first look at some European markets. So Europe is green right now. Asia Asia flattish flattish uh pre-market we are green but it's it's basically barely anything right yeah I mean stock futures pop uh do you see any pop here cuz I can't see I don't know even see any pop here no no no pop no pop what about the Euro dollar still 1.17 good for me bad for bad for people that I mean if I sell my US stocks and convert it into euros, I I lose on on this, but if I want to buy US stocks with my euros, I win on this. Um, Neil, I don't usually follow kind of like the the um currency exchange stuff, but are these types of movements normal? I mean I would feel like 0.5% on Euro to USD and like one point 78% on US to uh Japanese yen are um pretty volatile if I would say I don't know volatile but just um I would I wouldn't say volatile per se because we I mean yesterday were 1.18 and I mean if you if you look at look at this year to date right we started the year 1.02 02. Yeah. Um, this this started to go up after the April tariff announcements. Mhm. And, uh, yeah, continues to go up and up and up. I mean, maybe there's going to be an increase in demand for for the dollar and that that might uh drop it again, but so far the dollar is quite weak, which is is actually I mean it's not great for Americans that will maybe want to travel to Europe or something. But it's great for for exports, right? If your if if your currency is stronger than the US dollar, that's that's great. It's great for a lot of big companies as well that do have exposure to international markets and report in US dollars. Um, previously that was an FX headwind when the US was strong. Now it's a in theory right now it could create like more tourism here for US destinations from Europeans, right? If they if um they want to spend more dollars, they uh if they want bigger bank for for their dollars, they can just come here and spend it on US based companies in in theory. In theory, yes. In uh practice, the US has become so expensive that even with this currency uh weakening, I don't know if the quality is that uh rewarding. Um I I mean I've Okay, I've been to Miami. It's also obviously one of the most expensive places, but uh but yeah, I I don't know. I don't know. From from my feeling uh the price that you pay in the US even for just basic food has become crazy. I see. I see. I guess cuz I'm already originally from Jersey. Neil is probably one of the expensive states. Anytime I usually go any other states outside of Cali and and and and uh a few a handful other states, everything else seems cheap. So I don't know if if uh I've just been u numb to it. That's the thing if you come from from Europe for example where yes prices did increase of course for for a lot of things energy food whatever but compared to the US we are we we're still ah now there is movement compared to the US we're still considered quite cheap now. Yes our currency is worth more today than it was at the start of the year. So maybe that might balance it out. But yeah, still there are so many things in the US like healthy, that's the thing, healthy food is super expensive. It just doesn't make any sense to me. Um um yeah, uh Neil, there are some questions here I wouldn't mind taking a closer look at before we I I know we have a main topic, but um you got one, so go ahead. Yeah. So as a European investor, aren't we losing uh on a weak dollar? You're only losing if you sell your US stocks and convert them back to euros. Yeah. If you don't, then you don't. We as Europeans actually, if you want to buy US stocks, you're winning because now you're buy you're able to buy more. Yeah. You're able to buy more shares. Um basically basically right now. But yes, if you convert your US dollars back to euros, then you are of course uh taking taking a hit for sure. Um um um and then I want to look at this. Nicholas, can you recommend some platforms from where to trade? I just started investing. However, I did it using bank services and they're not good uh anymore. So, Nicholas, first welcome to the investing world. It's definitely going to be a fun and crazy and sad um and stressful experience, especially at the beginning. Uh I am going to say there's going to find times where you're going to feel like you're maybe the greatest investor and then the market just tells you psych you thought you were and it kicks you in the back. So just be prepared for a lot of learning but it is great. I think investing um is one of the best ways to build up massive massive amount of wealth. Um if you are in the United States Nicholas I I I one of the most favorite platform is Robin Hood from its ease to use. Uh it's extremely easy to use. Um, I personally use Fidelity. Uh, main reason was because, uh, when most of my 401k was in a Fidelity account. Um, so it just kind of made, uh, easy for me to have everything under one roof. Um, and I don't know, it it it felt easy um, to just stay in that one platform. And yeah, Neil, that that was hilarious yesterday. Um, the market is such a funny thing. It's like every time I started talking on hood stock, it was already in a trend, right? Just completely I know unrelated to me, but it was just funny. Every time I was stop I would talk the stock would go up and whenever I stopped talking the stock would go down and it was like there over there the the hoods uh hoodies over there started to get um pretty excited. So So it was it was a fun time over there mid-stream. I mean talking about investing platform you you just mentioned uh I mean Robin Hood and the one that that you're using um there is another company that's very similar to Robin Hood that is gaining more traction right now it seems in the retail space and that's Weeble. Um I'm pretty sure you heard about this company. Mhm. Weeble. Um it went public. Yeah. It's a spec here by the way. Oh okay. Yeah. So, Spack, boom, huge, huge rally, and then it was basically dead in the water. Oh, this is the one with the cool ticker. Yeah, exactly. The best sticker, probably. Bull. Better than the big bear bear. Um, so it started to go up. Of course, it's up over 40% from the lows from two weeks or so ago. So, you might say, "Oh, I missed my opportunity." I don't think so. Um, I think there was since it was a spack, I think that there were also some warrants that were uh um executed not so long ago. And I think the day the day they were executed, let me make sure. Um, yeah. So, they redeemed uh their incentive warrants and the day that that was redeemed, the stock started to go up a little bit. Well, a little bit uh 30 40% or so. And it's a company, it's an interesting company because it's a company that operates a bit worldwide, I can say. Um, market cap pretty low. I think around $5 billion or so right now. Yeah, 6.4 billion. Um, pre-market it seems like it's going up even more, 4.5%. There's definitely a lot of momentum now around this stock. You are seeing also some creators talk about I mean I'm talking about this but I believe uh Teavis uh from Future Investing Future Fun of Fun of Investing Teis talked about it on his channel I think yesterday or two days ago. Uh Chris uh wrote about this in his in his newsletter. So it's definitely getting a little bit more attention especially since well Robin Hood has had such a huge huge uh increase in value over the last year or so. People might say, "Oh, I missed Robin Hood. This might be the next best thing. Low market cap, $6 billion." Um platform is very similar actually. Uh they're they're basically copying what Robin Hood is doing, which you might say is a bad thing. I think it's a good thing, especially from a user perspective because I think um Robin Hood does have a very very easy platform platform to use. And so you might say, hm, interesting play. I might have missed Robin Hood or I only had a two 3x with Robin Hood and this might be my opportunity to catch uh Robin Hood equivalent at maybe uh well here $145 or so and see and see where it goes. Um I know we're a bit off topic here but I said we're going to talk about fintech later but let's just finish the fintech segment right now since we are talking about this already. So um we can we can change so I again um are creator are you becoming are you a bullish on this one uh Neil or or I mean I've known about the name. Yeah it's just interesting because I mean I've known about the name I think we've seen it pop up right um here and there u and now I'm seeing it pop up a little bit more more recently uh because of Chris and and Tevis that spoke about it. So, I started looking at it this morning. Interesting. Definitely interesting company. Um, it's not as big of a grower just yet as a as a Robin Hood. Um, but it's still early days. It's still early days. And if we actually look at what they've been doing for the last uh couple of quarters, let's say, so they had the initial pump, I'd say, in their business. Then it dropped and then from the December quarter here of 2023, it started to go up revenue-wise, picking up picking up uh some momentum here. I believe they also launched a a crypto business. So there there is definitely something interesting to be seen uh with this one. Operating income last quarter was also positive. Uh so yeah I mean this is usually a good thing when you see this pop. The question here is does this only happen during a bull market, right? Because with Robin Hood the whole bare thesis pre previously was okay Robin Hood can only grow and operate profitability profitably when there is a huge bull market. Can it do it in a bare market? I think Robin Hood right now has diversified its business quite well to be able to sustain uh profitable business even in a bare market. Now again remains to be seen but if we suddenly have a 2022 how well uh how well Robin Hood will will operate in a bare market because yes they are still generating the most amount of of revenue from transaction based revenue whether it's options uh stocks or or crypto. So we'll see but it's it's it's one I'll study a little bit more. Um, I'll have to go into the uh into the earnings report and all of that, listen to to what they've been saying, but it's definitely interesting. Um, it's definitely interesting if you if you really want to get exposure to um to maybe a a Robin Hood type. We have your comments saying, "I have my main portfolio in Weeble. It's much better product than Robin Hood." So, we have here already some positive comments on uh on this company. Of course, it's one comment. I respect that comment, but um it's a subjective thing I guess, right? Yeah. And it does seem obviously I think I mean a lot of the hoodies it seems um are very bullish on on on the uh CEO as well. Um Yes. And and and it makes sense. Yeah. I mean, it's pretty cool when you see a company still in the billion dollars where you have kind of um I think the other thing with Palunteer as well is like when the CEO actually takes their time to talk to kind of like the retail investors and join kind of like retail channels. I think that is pretty interesting to see how um it it shows I don't know if it's um if it's just the ploy, but it kind of shows that even the small investor matters. And I think that's something that maybe more traditional invest um CEOs of older um older companies like don't once once you're like oh I'm hundreds of billions or whatever. It's like I don't need to worry about the small investor. I'm just worrying about these big banks. Yeah. I mean fair fair point. Roberto you say Mr. Couch is part of my is part of my conspiracy. The conspiracy is uh this seems like a coordination. Some of the other guys in this stock draft yesterday, I didn't know there was another stock draft, started promoting pumping Weeble. Is there anything to it or are they trying to start a new retail? Conspiracy. I agree, Roberto. There's something happening and I wasn't invited and that sucks. Uh I wasn't invited either. Um but the only now the only reason I'm bringing this up is because two other creators talked about it. Um but again, it it doesn't mean it's a bad it's a bad company. You also have to understand that as creators, whether it's on EXO or on YouTube, if something is trending, of course, everybody will pick it up and share its own opinion on it because, well, that's where content creators do. And most of the people anyways ask for our opinion on every stock that trends. So, might as well talk about it. Um, but I don't own Weeble. Jose doesn't own Weeble. Um, so right now I Let's see if the couch effect goes into effect. Couch talking about a company not expected to surge in the following two weeks. I mean, so far it's up premarket, but I don't think that's my uh my uh my thing. Although yesterday I did talk again about Oscar and picked up some shares and thank god today it's up a little bit. So we continue. I was going to ask you if you picked up Oscar cuz I saw someone in the comments here uh talk about it. Uh Neo. Yeah. Um I I I also completely off topic Neil, but Christian, Chris, uh Chris, hey both of you. Um they mentioned that they're using the trial version here of uh fiscal.ai. We are partners with them. There is a link down below uh to get two free weeks uh as well as um but it seems like they're having some issues. Uh Christian, I just want to say I'll email uh the person that handles our partnership and and get it to you. Maybe if you can just quickly, you don't have to put your whole email, but maybe just like the first few uh letters. So, I can kind of say, "Hey, look, someone with this email um in in the free trial um is having this issue." Again, you don't have to put the whole email address on the comments, but maybe just like the first few letters uh so so we can kind of get it sorted out for you. Uh and appreciate appreciate you. Hopefully hopefully you used our code uh to get that because that would help out the channel a lot. And a quick question um if you have used a new account or an already existing one. If it's an existing one then the pro trial will not work. If it's an if it's a new one then it should be working and we will uh we will figure uh this out. Last thing here on the weeull conspiracy last thing here and this is something that that that should be be better. So they have 24.1 registered users. That was up 17%. So that's great. But the funded accounts are only 4.7. Yes, that increased 10% year-over-year, but quarterly retention sits at 97.5%. So only 4.7 out of the 24.1 are funded accounts. They only make money when you fund your account. They don't make money just because you sign up and you use the free uh features on on Weeble. So this is something you want to see improve um quarter after quarter for sure. So and by the way all of this um you don't even have to go to Weeble's investor presentation. You can go on fiscal.ai and uh and get all of this on the platform. Can even get the AI summary here. So last quarter revenue increased 32% adjusted operating profit uh significantly increased year-over-year. um customer assets 122.6 billion up 45% year-over-year. So you don't the thing is investing is getting easier with platforms like this where you get everything in the platform the transcript the reports the slides and AI summary you can even ask it questions specifically and it will uh just show you everything if there is a company that did um release a a report on it morning star or whatn not you usually get it here in the research tab. So pretty amazing platform and of course um if you want to try it out you can use our link down in the description and in the pin comment. We would really appreciate that. Um now now we can actually talk about some AI stuff. Now we can talk about the AI stuff. Definitely. And before we kind of take the AI I want to take this question from Matt really quickly. So Matt, any thoughts on Marval? Um with the Microsoft announcement of yesterday? Um I would say for for those that are not familiar what Matt Matt is talking about is um Marval helps big tech players design their own AI chips. um one of the customers and unfortunately we have to through through speculations and kind of just um who makes it to the events to try to understand what company is building what AI chip um because unfortunately we don't really get the real answer um on this through speculations um Microsoft's AI chip the Maya um is expect is a Marll product um and their first generation sucked uh they just had limited productions um their second generation um is reported ly to be delayed and now kind of the um it seems like throughout not just generation 2 is delayed but generation 3 and so on have been pushed back a little bit more based on these reports. Um the first thing is it does showcase that building your own AS6 solution is hard. Um and that's the same thing I mean you we always hear about the great story of Google's TPU but remember Google's TPU is on their sixth seventh generation already. So the hiccup first generations most likely sucked. It sucked for Amazon as well. So um the other thing Neil is I feel like right now we're in a market where Nvidia and AMD are a lot more aggressive in their road map. Back then it was a two-year cadence. So it gave the opportunity for uh these ASIC players to um to maybe have some form of wiggle room in catching up. I think nowadays because of that yearly cadence that's not possible anymore. You can't you can't mess up. Um and the market's a little bit more investigator or keeping a closer eye on things like that. Um I'm still bullish in Marll during their earnings. They actually even already kind of hinted into this. They've mentioned that um one of the customers has kind of been pushing some of the things back of the customers that they have. U Marll also has more than just AS6 AI accelerators. They also do a lot of uh C uh kind of processors and other types of add-ons. Um and throughout their AI events, they did talk about kind of all those customers that they've kind of won. Um they've even won some of like the um non-traditional cloud providers. Some some reports believe that it could be XAI um and some other companies out there. So I think Marll is definitely in the right place. There's going to be a lot of noise in this market because of things like this. And I do believe things like this could create the opportunity. Um but um yeah, I mean I I own Marval. Anything below 70s or low7s I really do like a lot. Um but it does come with that risk that the ASIC market could create a lot of volatility with news like this. Even though sometimes they do give us these updates throughout the earnings and the AI events where they kind of talk a little bit about scheduling. So long too long too long don't watch bullish in Marll but I understand the risk behind it. Yeah. No, fair enough. Fair enough. Um why why is every news website now paywalled? This is this is horrible. Anyways, um we have here of course that big news that came out, but it it's it's big news, but we already knew about some of the things, right? Um so, Oracle, I hate these websites, I swear. Uh Oracle stock rallies on report of expanded star deal with uh OpenAI. Of course, we've talked about um Oracle jumping at the start of the week because of a of a little What is this? Ads for Tesla. No, no, you have to pay us for ads. Um at the start of the week, we we've had a new updated filing that said that they are expected to generate more than $30 billion annually starting in 2028 for Oracle. And we speculated that this might be Stargate. Um and it seems like this is because of of well of this announcement right here. Um there are going to be more Stargate projects with OpenAI for in the United States that is so open the creator of Chad GPT will rent additional cloud computing capacity from Oracle totaling about 4.5 gawatt of data center power in the United States according to the Bloomberg report. Um the agreement marks an expansion of the Buzzy Stargate AI infrastructure project according to the report. So pretty big deal, right? Pretty big deal. Um because this means we're going to get even more gigantic uh data centers, which probably also means more GPUs, right? More GPUs coming from um coming from AMD and Nvidia, I would assume. Yeah. No, I I agree. The reason I was extremely excited about this is I didn't know which Stargate project it was going to be because I didn't think it was just the vanilla Stargate project we heard here in the United States. Um due to the time frame that they gave fiscal year of 2028. I'm pretty sure most of the Stargate that they announced, especially the one in Texas, is going to be built way before that. Um it seems like what you mentioned is there's an extension happening to that Stargate project. Uh so that's extremely bullish in my opinion and like uh Oracle we know um these data centers ship uh are are definitely powered by Nvidia but Oracle has a great partnership with AMD. They do actually buy a lot of AMD chips. Uh the other thing is we know um OpenAI is also a great partner. We saw them in there as well. Um I I still am very much believer that these are going to be more than majority uh more than three quarters u maybe more than than than 80% Nvidia chips but I do believe there is the opportunity for um AMD to have great growth here uh because of this and what was it 4.5 gawatts uh of total uh capacity they talk about and Jensen in the past has kind of given a quick math that for every gig gigawatt. Um you have about $40 billion of revenue. Um so that's the the uh 40* 4.5 is closer to what almost 200 uh almost 200 maybe closer to 180 um 180 uh billion dollars of revenue just coming from this one customer. And this is just the Stargate, right? Oracle is still building other data centers outside of Stargate. and you have kind of Stargate um in other parts of the world. Uh so so um it gets me pretty excited and again it's just one player here Oracle you have all all the AI companies all other cloud server provider and it continues to show that strength that um the AI market is is really it right now. Yeah. I mean, this is this these numbers are crazy, right? Cuz yes, the first target project, right, $500 billion, but we quickly found out that it's not going to be $500 billion straight out of the gate. It's going to be closer to hundred billion. But the fact that this was announced in Oracle's filing, right, that they expect uh deals to be worth more than $30 billion annually. Annually, starting in 2028 is is insane. This is this is crazy. Um, but yeah, I I mean this is of course great for for Nvidia and AMD. I don't know what the split will be, but like you said, Oracle and OpenAI do have quite a good partnership with well with both with Nvidia and AMD, but with AMD coming out with I guess more competitive products next year and the year after that since this is for 2028. Well, the revenue generated will be uh starting 2028. I would assume that AMD will get maybe its chance to get a bigger chunk than than what's what's going on right now. Um how big I don't know remains to be seen but this is this is definitely some some good uh some good news. Um yeah. Yeah. And and and um I my question is also I I wish they had more insight in that release. I would wonder if they're expecting to turn it all in at once. Um which I doubt it. I think it's more like a they build traditionally what ends up happening is you build part of the data center um you turn it on you continue to expand well that one's already running so it's already kind of revenue generating before that um so I would love to see kind of a road map I wish they could provide things like that like a road map of Oracle is already a huge player um but maybe a road map of when they expect to build how many gigawatts by when and when do they expect to turn on so many of them so like that investors can definitely see where the demand is really at and picking up. It's quite crazy that a company like Oracle almost doubled from the April lows and I mean quite quickly um pretty impressive pretty impressive for sure. Staying here in the semiconductor um in AI space you know we've gotten a question from both our channels here. So uh Christian Chris uh what about US lift chip design expert curbs on China? Um, and I think somebody on my channel as well. Um, I think Eddie, uh, do you guys mind talking about Cadence Stock if you haven't already? Um, so Neil, obviously I follow this space pretty obsessive obsessive obsessively. Um, and one of the things that I mentioned when I we first saw this is to me this was a pure trade enacted thing um where it was going to be used to kind of help bring China to the um to the table a lot faster. Um and once the trade and and once the discussion was happening we've seen a lot of export restrictions. You've seen export restrictions on high performance AI chip like the H100 and everything outside of that. You've seen export restrictions on weaker down AI chips like the H800, uh the H uh H20 and the Blackwell equivalents of that. Um you've also seen kind of export restrictions on semiconductor equipment manufacturing and a lot of companies being blacklisted as well from China. out of all those, the one that made the most sense to be like it's definitely important, but it's not as cru extremely crucial as all the other players um was this kind of EDA software um restriction. Uh so my thought is if there was one to come in to come out of that export restriction list first, it was going to be this one. Uh because I I think it would be like the most impactful uh the most impactful would be the last one. So releasing the H100, the Blackwell 200, the Blackwell 300 would be the last on the list in my opinion to ever happen um in forms of export restrictions, but this is uh um it seems this is the first coming out. And I think we both maybe talked about it, Neil, when we kind of saw kind of um China and US uh trade um discussions and how things were going right. They kind of even talked about that they were going to reduce uh some of the export restrictions. So I'm I'm curious now to see how cadence and synopsis are reacting to this or um um because I do believe when we kind of saw the the original thoughts on China and US um you already had some form of momentum. I'm looking at cadence right now. Cadence is up about 4.6%. Synopsis is up about 4% as well. Yeah, I mean it's very important and a sneaky rule cloth. I I'll touch on on that comment in a in a bit. Um it's important to note that this is not affecting Nvidia or AMD at the moment, right? This is purely about software the side of it like the the cadence and the synopsis players like you like you mentioned. Um so that's very important for those that are wondering why uh an AMD stock for example is not really moving right now after this announcement. It's basically this right that the restrictions on door on those companies are still in play. Of course this can open up the door for improvements in the uh in the chip exports control that do affect uh the the likes of AMD and Nvidia. But so far right now um it will only it will only have an effect on uh on the on the software side of uh of the ecosystem let's say. Yeah. And and and and I agree that's the um sometimes the market the way wording happens all over the um these export restrictions it makes it seem like it's a whole semiconductor thing. I think I uh when this got banned in China, it said like semiconductor advanced technologies or something like that for AI chip development. So, it did kind of create at least for a few hours um some negative reaction towards AMD and and Nvidia and all these other players because they thought there was more restrictions happening to that space. Uh so, it's also very funny to see how the market reacts to things like this because they might think it's really well for one player. Like you mentioned, the bullish take here for an AMD or Nvidia investor is it showcases that certain export restrictions are seen more as a as a trade playing card opposed to an actual national security issue. Um, and I I do believe one of those playing cards is the H20, the B30, and the AMD's MI308. And I don't know if they have a 350 variants for China. They most likely design the signed one before the um export restrictions uh for it. But uh I also do believe that is another trading um Trump card. A lot harder to use that one though. I don't I I think China would have to give up a lot to be able to um for us to see the US put that into effect um or use that card. But I do believe it's mainly um a trade because you still have we still have the the strength of the H100, the H200, the Blackwells and the best AI chips. Yeah. Now to correct myself, I said uh software side, but no, it's chip design software firms. Um so yeah, I mean it's it's a good move. I guess it's a good move. Um I wonder I wonder how much these companies are up on on this news. So let's let's see. I said 4% both. Yeah, both were about 4%. Ah, not bad. Yeah. Okay. Not bad. Nice recovery. Um, okay. Pretty good. Pretty good. And I guess good good news. Um, I do want to touch on on a a comment here from sneaky wool clot on on fiscal AI showing or not showing um Q1, Q1, Q2, Q3, but showing the dates like for example here when you put in quarterly it shows you March 25, 25, uh, December. So that's basically telling you what what quarter you're at but not Q1, Q3, Q4. um he sent in a request if they could add like March 25 Q1. So for now, quick solution for you. If you do quarterly, if you look at the thing, you look here at the top, the latest transcript is the latest quarter. So Q3 is March 25 for them because different companies um because again different companies have different fiscal years, right? Some companies are are still in fiscal 25, some others are in fiscal 26. Yeah, Microsoft for example is right now even in quarter four of fiscal year of 2026 I think or some I know they're about to end quart their their fiscal year. So they're in quarter four even though in calendar most of us are in quarter two. Um welcome to Microsoft fiscal year 25. So they are they're already in fiscal Q4. Yeah. So yeah back in July end days ago. So they are Q1 fiscal 26 already. Yeah. So, it's so weird. Um, but I can definitely see that being a nice nice perk, especially if you could just read somehow the transcript already knows what quarter it is. Yeah, exactly. So, I'm not a developer. I don't know how. Yeah, good suggestion. Thank you. Thank you, sneaky wool. Um, yeah. No, good good suggestion. So in the meantime, this is an easy way to figure out every time you go on the company. For example, we go maybe Apple is also a bit different. So Apple, you see you're in the Apple does one thing, right? It seems also March 25, but that's Q2 Q2 2025. Um, and it's fiscal 25. So they they basically follow No, they don't no one a quart head. Never mind. They don't do that wrong. Um, so that's that's for now the the easy easy fix, but I'll I'll send uh I guess I'll send Ryan a message. Um, some people say that we will go bankrupt. I don't know about that, but uh we'll see. We'll see. Um, staying on the uh, semiconductor chip data center story, another company that also is getting quite a lot of attention and also one that pumped because I made a video. So, the conspiracy continues here continues. So, Iron is pleased to announce the expansion of its AI cloud business. They purchased uh, 2,400 Nvidia Blackwell GPUs, B200 and B300. So, it's good for you, Jose. Um they fully funded it was fully funded from their own cash reserves. Uh they're deploying it at their Prince George data center. They've increased the total fleet to 4,300 Nvidia GPUs. I think there were there are also some H100s there. They're locking the nextG training and inference at scale expecting strong risk adjusted returns and these support opportunities across AI data center uh business. So, I guess I mean the stock I don't think that the stock is moving u pre-market although now that I said it maybe it might but no it's not really moving uh that much pre-market at the moment but as you can see it's uh it's also tripled yeah significantly since the April lows but forget about the April lows if you only look at the last what is it two weeks and a half or so it's up 53%. So nice. There is definitely a lot of momentum here. Yes, it's true. It's it's also one of those, oh, Bitcoin mining was our core business. It's still a very good business for us, profitable, but we are switching uh well, we're diversifying towards being a AI cloud data center provider, which I mean, I guess if you have if you have all of the facilities and the buildout knowhow, then why not? Makes makes sense, right? Uh if you have the energy and all of it. So it it makes sense since that's another way to make quite a lot of uh quite a lot of money. So yeah. Neil, is this one closer to a core or closer to applied digital? I don't know if I asked you this question yesterday or today. Yeah. No, I think it's it's much closer to an applied digital and core reef might actually be like a one that gives them also a 15year $7 billion contract for example or might even acquire it. Yeah. Um a quick one. I I I do have a list of some of these stocks that are very similar to this. Another one there's applied digital um that is very popular in this one. Uh there's also another uh shares of digital I think so. Yeah, I think they did. Um biggest one is obviously core pump J pump. Um I don't think they have they definitely don't have terolf. Um, but another one that could be starting to see this overall momentum just because of the overall momentum, um, is Wolf. Have you seen that one, Neil? Um, but Wolf with a U, not not Um, yes. Oh, okay. You think I don't know you? You think I I I I know you. How did you know I was going to bring this one up? Because I read it yesterday on my feed. I was like, "Huh, interesting." And I was like, "Okay." Yeah. Yeah. So, I was just looking. I have Let me go to Trading Y. So I have like this whole Bitcoin mining uh list. Um um the other one was the one that uh applied core we've tried to buy was uh core scientific but that one's gone up a nice amount because of it which which again people think that if if they are going to acquire a core scientific then maybe there's going to be a rerating of iron because there it's very very similar and if they are willing to pay X amount for that company then maybe the other company should be worth something closer to that. Um, so yeah, we'll see. But the, you know, we always come back and I said applied digital. I have a a price at $78 or so the price alert. But even at $10, the fact that it stays at $10 and um it does it does seem like it wants to consolidate around that price where previously it was a resistance might not be might now be a support. Plus the fact that this name already got a huge contract right from Core. I mean 7 billion in 15 years is almost half a billion dollars each year and this company what what did we say is worth two$2.3 billion. So only from that contract it's it's already quite attractive I'd say. Yeah I I agree. I agree. Um um another one uh Neil that I'm gonna have um Mi um what MIGI I like I said I have this list very old list that I'm I'm I'm I'm just pulling up right now um also deals in kind of like it used to doing the crypto mining um and most likely is going to start moving into um AI space and the final one that I know is HUT um ticker HU T hot eight corporation. Um so if you need any more pumping up some great um AI mining potential um those are definitely a fun list. This this Miji is is worth less than a dollar per share. That's a degenerate move. Yeah, all these are degenerate moves in my opinion though. Uh this one, yeah, this one has also doubled since April. This Pizza Hut. Interesting. Yeah, this Pizza Hut. I mean, the the these are the I mean I I'm thinking of course of of iron and applied digital really as like a minuscule P that if it works out then great. it's like a holiday money that I can spend later on and if it doesn't then I don't care cuz won't hurt my portfolio. Um yeah, again these that I mentioned very similar. just the overall trend and then sometimes people um like coreweave was like the first one I think right and then everybody started to move a little bit more maybe not everybody but the market started to get more excited about kind of like nebuous and now it seems like okay it's applied digital and now it's the other one is the other trend so um I if it's very similar to you this would be a dgen gamble play if I was to do one I don't know I'm thinking about wolf actually just to to see if I I can dinners differently or the same. Uh it it would be very similar to kind of like your um it's they they kind of just built that AI infrastructure and they started off as that BTC mining and now they're like, "Oh, look, you have the the thing." That's the top level of everything that I know behind stuff like this. I haven't really looked at it. Um but there's this massive excitement right now in it. Um yeah and I'm pretty sure if you go through all of them I mean I did iron not have similar um things like this. Yeah in 2022 down most of these are like this is they all started in during the Bitcoin mining phrase uh which all jumped dramatically. Uh next thing you know, Bitcoin was dead, mining was dead, and you started to see these become penny stocks. Um and now all these penny stocks have kind of created this movement to AI infrastructure, and it's uh it's um creating this nice momentum for a lot of these. Some are doing it maybe a little bit faster or or a little bit better than others. Um, but I would say all of these are you can kind of throw them all in the same bucket. Yeah, it's uh interesting because we're now again technical. I don't know. But it seems like we've been we've been there twice already at around 15 $16 or so. So this time we'll see if it uh if it can go above it. It is already overbought significantly right now on the daily. Um, so we'll see what about let's see wolf. Wolf is still not overbought. So plus it it was not that long ago in 2024 it almost was double that. But with this I guess it's important to of definitely understand the business, understand the road map, how fast they're going, how fast they're building um their data centers and how good the team is. Yeah. And and Eddie here uh has a really interesting question. What's the advantage of using small cloud providers like iron iron iron I'm guessing that's iron um I I don't know how to pronounce it but and Nebus so first you know just a quick correction here to Eddie right maybe you can correct me if I'm wrong Iron is uh infrastructure for the infrastructure um so this is the one that helps build the make sure it it builds the infrastructure these warehouses it makes sure it has the um the power availability it has the water availability so then Nebula can come with their chips and their whole rack servers and doesn't have to worry about the permitting of building these data centers. The data center the outer well uh the outer wall in the shells and all the um things have been built there that now they just have to bring the AI chips and connect them all or kind of all these AI servers and connect them all. Um so I think there's that difference is that is that to am I correct there with iron uh Neil it's the infrastructure of the infrastructure it's the yeah it's the infrastructure um which again is a big advantage if you can do it in an efficient way and energy efficient way um um but I think Nebus also builds and that's also one of the big advantage yeah so a lot of these um and Eddie no worries with that uh it's um and like Neil mentioned some of these like they do build their own. Um, but right now it's come to a place where it's a you need to build this infrastructure so quick that it's better for you to rent someone else who already has it built because obviously you have to go through all these legal paperworks and all that takes time. Um, so it's easier for like a Nebuis or a corewave to go end up with iron or um or um apply digital just because it speeds up the process dramatically. Um, uh, Achilles mentions Nebius rents more than than builds. And I'm going to guess at least right now in this AI market, this is going to be the true for most players. Now, back to the main question is why would someone pick these over um, Asher? First, it's just pricing or AWS or all the pricing. I mean, to rent out kind of like some AI chips like the H100 or anything, it's like six bucks using it with like AWS or Ash or Google Cloud. Obviously, you can call and get kind of pricing power, but if you just hit one of the buttons, um it's closer to $6 where if you kind of do it with like a Nebu or um Corewave, you're paying a lot cheaper. Reason you're paying a lot cheaper is you probably get a lot less solutions. Some people just want pure bare metal, which is something Corewave does where it's just you do it gives to you the chips and you do everything else behind it. um core um Nebulus provides like some stuff soft software stack solution on top that helps with that. So they're able to charge a little bit more. Amazon and the other players do even more than that. Um but they also charge you that premium of them being kind of like a top player. Uh so for a company like OpenAI who needs a lot of compute and they don't really need someone to handle all the software solutions for them they don't want to be paying. I mean they're going to be having gigawatts and gigawatts of of of chips. they're not gonna want to go to Amazon truly to pay that six, four, five dollars an hour on these chips. Um, they'll rather go to someone else that they can save so much more money. Um, but on the understanding that they will handle a lot more of kind of like the software stack, but for them it makes it makes the most sense. Um, the uh so yeah, that's one of the advantage. Um it it's usually maybe for those big players that can really handle all these solutions themselves. Um the the final thing is this is why uh I've talked about in the past leptin from Nvidia I believe is is creating more tension um for the cloud providers. Uh so Leptin um Nvidia announced it in GTC uh uh France. No, GTC Paris. GTC Paris. Both pl place, but I wanted to make sure I had the name correct. I think GTC Paris um was the actual name. Um where it's like the Uber of AI cloud infrastructure where you can go to maybe not an app, but let's just make believe it's an app and say, "Look, I need some AI compute." And then you have kind of this marketplace of everybody renting it out. I think this is going to create a lot of pricing pressure. And I I was just listening to a podcast. If you want to check out my previous video, I talked about uh this podcast that um semi analysis even goes more in detail about Leptin AI. And then he also does believe that leptin is going to create some pressure on some of these clouding companies. But unfortunately fortunately for Nvidia, you can't go against Nvidia. What what are you going to say? You're going to say something bad about Nvidia and then Nvidia is just going to be like, "Ah, nice to hear that. We'll see what happens to some of your orders in the futures." Um or something like that. Uh but Leptin in my opinion could be a bearish case for companies like Coreweave, for companies like Nebulus um uh because it does create a more of a a pricing pressure in this market. I had a counterargument to that uh thing last time. I said it would just create more demand for these players because it is now a marketplace where you can see which one provides the best value for what you need at the moment and just ease of use right you can just look at that list and say okay we want this this this and that which is maybe something that previously you did not have access to you didn't you didn't have the visibility I'd say um so at first I agree with that one Neil but the way and And I I would love to see kind of how the app works. The way semi analysis was explaining leptin is Nvidia goes and rents out this extra space on a bare metal price and then they rent it out themselves. Um so you don't even if you were like a Nebu or somebody else who had a software stack solution on top of that that margin is no longer there because you're not able to rent out that process. Leptin is providing that software solution for you. you're only able to rent out on a bare metal price. Uh, and that kind of eliminates a lot of the um a lot of the modes of some of these players out there where now it's just if you're just a bare metal, you're all these other players that provided some form of software stack solution on top of it, they're like that mo is gone. Um, and now the competitive pressure becomes even strong uh um stronger. Uh, so I would love to see a little bit more of that leptin AI. Um, but if that is true where you strip it out and make it more of just a pure bare metal rental and Leptin does all the AI solutions for you now, I think it it brings back to that competitive pressure. Um, but if it's just like, hey, look, um, a true marketplace whereas you just put the pricing and you still showcase what you can bring to it, then I agree with it. But the way semi analysis, um, Dylan Patel was talking about it, it was more of like a a strip of everything and it's just a pure bare metal no matter who you are. Interesting. So I want I wonder why companies like Nebus, for example, would I mean there is a reason they partner up because they were on that list, right? I think they were on that on that slides and I would assume they're gaining something from it. Mhm. I I mean I Yeah, that's the thing. I think the only thing is like you're at least making sure all your AI infrastructure is probably going to be running. um which at least means you're not going to be burning cash. And then unfortunately right Neil now in the days is in this market if Nvidia has that marketplace Uber it's going to be more likely that your customers are just going to look at that instead of going to you directly unless you have a really strong partnership. But for any new player, anybody new in the AI market, if they're looking for um a GPU cloud server provider, they'll be like, "Oh, look, I know Nvidia runs a marketplace. Let me check that out." Um, and it it kind of creates more of a hurdle for some of these other companies to get new customers. Um, so it's one of those markets. It's like, damn if I do, and damn if I don't, but really damn if I don't because I don't want to end up in Nvidia's bad side. Uh, so it's it it's pretty weird. It's definitely really weird. But I will willing to hear uh more about Leptin. I definitely want to relisten to that podcast and I'll send it to you Neil. Um but it does kind of create this pressure on on the cloud ser providers and we see how this kind of evolves over time because that's another thing Nvidia can kind of change a lot of the terms behind it. Um but but um would love to this is one where I would love to hear more from um management discussing it a little bit more. Yeah, it's going to be interesting. I mean, I I I understand the point that you're that you're making. By the way, market is open right now. And Alex, we will touch on your uh question from the super chat in a in a second. Um yeah, I mean it's true that when you go, let's say, on that marketplace, you see a name, you click on it, and you're done, but it it might of course lead to you saying, "Okay, actually interesting pricing from, for example, a Nebus or a core." uh for Nebis for example, they could just say actually maybe let let's contact them and see actually what they offer because they do offer a full a full suite of of solutions. So it might it might increase their sale but like you said it will definitely make sure that utilization rate is is very very high um thanks to that exposure um to the marketplace for sure. Yeah, it it's one of those Neil that my thoughts um well it it seems I'm extremely bearish at it right now. It's one of those very um and and we can see market right now doing pretty uh certain stocks doing I didn't see much red luckily uh it seems a lot of of good um hood is down it seems about 3% I wonder if it has to do with that open AAI um post has to do with you has to do with you with me it has to do with me with that open AI post I s we saw yesterday um kind of combating um the uh the tokeniz. Yeah. Yeah. Which I mean it it it makes sense. They probably had to clarify it. Um yeah, they were probably getting a lot of emails or from their own investors like what the heck is going on here? But then Vlad and Robin Hood also clarify their own sites basically cuz they own uh they own it. But just so everybody knows, you you don't own anything when you do this, right? You don't own a share of OpenAI. It's it's basically a derivative. That that's basically what it is. You have no voting rights. You have you have nothing. Um the only thing you have is exposure to a potential higher valuation of uh of OpenAI and and that's how your your token will will go up. Um plus with the other stocks with the other US stocks in the stock token side of things for us Europeans uh just so you know um go buy the real stock. Don't buy the token. Right? If you have access to the real stock, go buy the real stock because that then you own it. Um, of course with the tokenized one, you have access 245, um, etc., etc., but if you can buy the stock straight out and own it, you should definitely do it. Yeah. Um, and and and I think, Neil, this is I I saw the post and it's like so many people were like kind of bashing OpenAI and saying no duh, Sherlock, blah, blah, blah. Like I think uh we talked about it yesterday, Neil, where sometimes we follow a company too much when when you follow a company too much, even the common sense thing. Um it's like what you think is common sense um you think the rest of the world knows. And I'm not a hood shareholder or follower. So when I saw kind of that tokenized and even when I talked about it, I was like, yo, that's pretty cool. You get to own actually OpenAI tokens and stuff like that. and I thought it was actually part of the a way for it to be I didn't know it was like a derivative of it. Um so it's like I I can understand why other people who really don't follow this even though um can get misrepresentation from something like this. Um uh so yeah I think it's also important yeah it's it's part of also Robin Hood's aggressive marketing push I'd say. I mean, you could have used the words derivative in your post and announcement, but you didn't for a very specific case. Um, now, okay, again, um, I I'm I went on the app. It tells you exactly like before you actually buy anything tokenized, you have to go through a couple of questions. So, it's up to you to read it. And if you don't read it and then you say, "Oh, they screwed me over." No, actually, you screwed yourself over because you didn't read um you didn't read. It's not even fine print. It's just you didn't read what was what was on the on the screen literally. Um but yeah, um it does seem like most of it most of the stocks are uh are green right now. So pretty good. Uh before we end, Jose, you had one question here about uh Ino data. Um Ino data. To be honest, Alex, I'm going to say I apologize. I don't follow this one um too much actually at all. I don't follow it at all. Um but Neil, I don't know if we can kind of jump into fiscal.ai to see what we can learn about it pretty quickly. Um to maybe just share some thoughts. Maybe we can do a really quick um reading what they do, a quick AI summary of the recent earnings and see some of the growth opportunities behind it. So um a global data engineering company in the United States. The company operates to three segments. Um, so the DDS segment offers AI enabled software platforms and managed services to companies that require data for training AI and machine learning algorithms and AI digital transformation. So I'm going to guess this is probably one of the excited things, right? So it does seem like obviously uh with the data space that um you your your your true growth right now is coming from um the AI uh AI data market. Uh, so we can see quarter one $58.3 million 120% year-over-year increase. They are adjusted EBIDA profitable. Um, I would love to maybe after this, Neil, maybe take a closer look at some of the, um, balance sheets uh, financials. Yes. So, I would love to see kind of what their cash position looks like. Um, u, they mentioned expansion of existing customers. Uh, obviously the agenic AI focus actively building platforms there. um guidance. It reaffirms his fullear guidance of 40% or greater. Uh I'm going to guess it's going to be more on the greater side here. Um while still delivering adjusted IBIDA above its 2024 results. Um if quickly Neil, can you click on slides uh here? I just want to or um yeah, just on slides to see what they share. Um if anything cool, maybe just a quick look. Um, again, I this is what they're most likely going to keep talking about. Um, but I just wanted to see maybe if they had a list of some of their top customers. Maybe up top, Neil, I think there was like a customer list here. Um, no, those are their competitors. Uh, so you can see they do have a lot of competitors there. Um, obviously you have opportunities for growth continue. Nice. I I I sometimes hate charts like that, Neil. I don't know if you saw it was going up to like 2032. How How do you know what the heck your your market opportunity is going to be in 2032? I could I barely I I I stopped at like 2026 2027 the most. But regardless, they are very excited there. Um services and SAS is about services 91% SAS about 9%. Uh I wonder if they're trying to go their SAS more. So it seems like they do more of engineering uh right now with it, right? So um that that's why the services is probably a higher a higher thing. If they increase that SAS to even more you would expect um margins to increase. Also with services you might be limited to engineers and actually pure talent. So there is some hurdle in in maybe how fast you can really grow revenue. Um and maybe that's why you're seeing kind of maybe a not much sequential growth. Um, and another thing I would want to look at, right, uh, Alex, is their employee count. Is it it is it showcasing a similar line to revenue count? And it kind of showcases that yes, you need to continue to grow in in employees to grow revenue. Um, clean balance sheet um, with no external debt and offerings and they have about 56 million. Um the final thing is what is the price to sells and and and kind of like PE ratios to it just a quick forward valuation you know um just to kind of be a little curious here so forward that's the PE currently I would be more excited on forward basis uh oh that's next 12 months sorry the PE uh 70 um and EV to sell 5.9 nine. I mean, easy to sell, I think, would probably be a closer indication here. Um, but yeah, I I could see the growth opportunity. Um, at least on the top level. Uh, I the revenue and employee would be a big thing because we saw services was a big uh a big revenue portion of it. Um, it's to grow rapidly, 32.2% forward two years revenue wise. So, I guess that's uh that's pretty good. Uh, and some guy named Dave David Silva, shout out, sounds like a cool name. Um, said Nvidia Dividend just hit the account. Fire those are going to Yes. Uh, Martin says not yet in Europe, David, but Martin's gonna get a nice few few thousands of dollars here in in in dividend probably. Big Will Martin. Uh it seems like look at the the the net income switch here like went from net loss to net in and then it's expected to take a hit this year. And then I also wonder how much Yeah. like if if they're doing a lot of cash um stockbased compensation and if it increased dramatically and if you kind of like if the net there um would be similar. Oh man, my little one is he's is calling you. Yeah, not too much of a jump. Not too much. I mean Yeah. I mean, compared to um Yeah, that's true. A jump. A jump. Um but yeah, anyways, you have uh that duty calling plus in plus I have to see you again pretty soon. Uh make it seem like that's a bad thing. No, half day. Half day NASDAQ today. Okay. Yeah, it's half day today. Us Americans need to start drinking ASAP. Exactly. All right. All right, everyone. Thank you all for joining this quick stream on uh Thursday. Apparently half day NASDAQ today. No day at all tomorrow. Um, so we see each other Monday morning for