Hello and welcome. Good afternoon, evening. We're back. Well, we are back. Too late is is too late. He's not here. Jose is still not here. I'm calling him too late right now like uh Jerome Jerome Powell. So, we have 30 well 28 minutes before the market closes. So, we can talk a little bit about Figma. We can talk a little bit about what's happening in the market. The reason why Google stock is down today. I mean, if you needed the reason today, there's actually a reason why Google stock is down. And then after the market closes, of course, we have uh Amazon, Apple, we have Reddit, Coinbase that reports earnings, but we are going to focus on Amazon and Apple, more specifically, Amazon's earnings score. We do have time until the earnings score. So, we are going to go over Amazon's earnings report, Apple's earnings report. Maybe if we have even more time, we'll have a look at Reddit and maybe Coinbase as well. So yeah, first of all, good afternoon, good evening um to to everyone who have you. Yeah, Jerome Jerome Naro is uh he's not here. Ah, he's on its way. Too late. Too late is on its way. Um okay, in the meantime, let me u maybe pull up uh maybe pull up the heat map. Doesn't look great. Doesn't look great. I am uh I'm I am happy that my chat is working today. So, that's already a nice improvement from yesterday. But as you can see, I mean, Microsoft's still green. Meta still green. Too late is here. He he has finally uh joined us. uh maybe he can make sure that the last 26 minutes of the day we are going to see a bit more green than than red but it seems like we are seeing red across the board at the moment although apply to digital is still uh still up 30%. So we're still on track for our uh little uh holiday house in Florida. Meta up 11 uh Reddit still up seven. So I guess in anticipation of something or it's a rugpool bound to happen, Nebus is up, Sofi is up. Um, and so the biggest names that are down are still Nova Nordisk, Micron for some strange reason. Uh, Robin Hood, new holdings is down, Intel is down, Google is down. I do have an explanation for that. PayPal is down even more. No explanations for that actually. Uh, AMD is down a little bit. So basically everything most of the names most of the names are are down at the moment. Um let me just show you something interesting for Nova Nordisk. Uh and then maybe we can talk a little bit about the the Figma IPO. So Nova Nord disk as you can see right now and you can go back on our previous streams these lines existed before and it seems like currently we are at the same price the same bottom then as for when was this September 2022 >> I don't know if the black magic is going to work this time or not but the last time we were here the last time the stock did drop all the way well all the way we didn't have this huge draw down, but it seems like this price right here has been a bottom. Is it going to be a bottom yet again? Remains to be seen. Uh like I said in my video about Nova Norris, don't expect this to recover, to have a V-shaped type of recovery. This is a turnaround that will take time and you have time. You have time to accumulate. You have time to listen to what management has to say in the upcoming uh quarters. >> And Neil, quick question here. I I know you kind of are starting to get somewhat familiar with this um health space a little bit more. Um you talked about Oscar I feel a bit um you talked about uh talked about this one and you talked about the other one United uh Health. Um, if there was one that you would say maybe um to maybe take take a closer look at any or any of those names that you would um >> I mean I own Oscar and United Health very small position. I mean small comp compared to the others small um but like I said with United I have time to accumulate. I I did buy a little bit more um yesterday so I'm down even more today but I I like the information that I got. Uh, I know the recovery will take time, but I do think that there is like a 50% upside in front of us, not in the next month or so, but if I can choose now a stock when the market's at all-time highs where it does present 50% upside, even if it's in the next 12 months or so, >> in the meantime, yeah, in the meantime, you do you do get a dividend and there might even be more upside. It just you just need patience and that's why it's still in accumulation mode or just a small position. I do have Oscar, but since Oscar is a very small company market cap wise, um for future potential, if they do reach their own targets for 2027, then then this can become a multibagger. But here again, high risk, I I'd say the the the reward is also quite big. But I don't want this to be five, six, 7% of the portfolio even if I think it can become bigger. Again, you know, this is a market I have no idea where from. If maybe you can give me like maybe a quick liner of of each of like uh because I feel like I've always hear Oscar. Oscar is kind of like that growth future super multi-growth potential if things go right. Then I kind of have like the United being like the more mature player I guess. Um um but I don't know like obviously the healthcare market is big. Do they all operate in different segments? >> No. So your your healthcare industry is very complex. So you have your Obamacare, ACA, you have your Medicare, you have your Medicaid. Oscar is more focused on well they are going to grow more in the individual market and they have a lot of exposure to ACA which apparently subsidies are going to expire later later this year. Again, there are there there are some rumors and talks that it it might get extended, might not, because a large chunk of uh people that do benefit from those subsidies are Republicans, funny enough. Um, so we we'll see we'll see what happens what happens with that. But Oscar is more exposed to that. United Health is more is more exposed to to the Medicare Medicaid side of things. Of course, United Health generating $400 billion in revenue makes them um I think the the largest health insurer in in the world. Um so they all play in the health insurance market, but they they play in different in different segments of course different sizes um as well. So United Healthcare for example, they have two two divisions, the United Healthcare one and then Optimum. Um, Optimum focuses on delivering health care services, technology and datadriven solutions uh to providers, payers and patients. And I did see today that an analyst downgrade that United Health under risk that optim that side of the business might be under pressure uh because of some I don't know V28 risk or whatever that was. Haven't really read the whole the whole thing. Um but yeah, with all the changes happening right now with most of these companies um reporting higher medical loss ratios, higher cost, most of them are are going to raise their prices in 2026. Um it's you you have to understand the whole it's a whole pyramid like if ifos hospital hospitals have operating margins of nothing like a 0 to 5% maybe um and so if they see that well things are getting more and more expensive if they see that people come in and they don't even have insurance or maybe they're undocumented for example uh to operate that business you will you will probably need to rate to raise prices. So if they start raising prices and they start charging people higher prices of course then you have the insurance players that are saying oh okay we now have these types of claims and suddenly everything's becoming more expensive so we are going to take a hit right now which is happening with United Health Sentine that their medical loss ratios are higher their margins are coming lower their profits are coming lower and so next year what's going to happen is that well since this is a business they need to make profit they're going to increase prices and so things will get a little bit uh more expensive. Um remains to be seen what can be done with with regards to AI technology. How can you streamline all of these make sure that data is on your side? Uh some people will say I know Chris Patel had a conversation on X about it. Some people would say, "Oh, just be transparent. Have transparent pricing for hospitals and so we'll know exactly what's happened." Ideally, yes. Ideally, yes. Um, but then you will, it's like it's a two-sided two two-edged sword because if you do that, then people will say, "Oh, this hospital is more expensive than the other." And so, you will not go to one hospital and then that hospital wouldn't won't be profitable anymore and that hospital might close down. And so you have one hospital less, which means you have less competition. Less competition would mean that the others that do survives will raise their prices. They raise their prices, everybody's raising their prices, and the money coming out of your pocket is going to be uh larger and larger. So it's a whole system that needs to work well together. Hopefully with the help of AI and all of that, it can happen. But bottom line here also is that you need a healthy society. And unfortunately for you guys, the United States is not healthy. >> It's not me saying, it's the data. The the United >> Mind your business, Neil. Mind your business. >> Um I mean, look at obesity rates in men and women from 1960 to 2023. This is not good. Okay. This this is not good at all. Um maybe OMIC fixes >> my stock portfolio. That's a good thing. >> Yeah, the stock portfolio. Yes. Um maybe I don't know maybe OMIC does does fix this or not. But um yeah, this doesn't help your whole health care system at all. Um, and >> thank you for that, Neil. >> I don't know what I wanted to say, but uh, >> you just wanted to do a whole long stream so you can call us Americans fat. That's it. That just that's >> uh, Neil, I was actually um, I uh, I was looking over um, you mentioned Micron was down a nice amount today, right? We saw kind of about a what is it? Four, five% drop. Um, and >> four two no $4. >> Uh, yeah. No, no, now 5%. Yeah. 2% for the week. Sorry. >> Okay. Um, I was looking Samsung reported earnings um last night or early this morning. I don't know how uh because obviously they're overseas. Um, but they did mention a few things. I'm kind of looking at their uh at some of the transcripts here. They first mentioned that for HBM3 HBM3e supply actually has grown faster versus demand. So they anticipate supply demand dynamics to change which will likely impact market prices for the time being. Um now obviously u this is kind of the current driver in in memory markets right now. It's obviously the HBM3e as all these players uh have have kind of talked about that. Um they also mentioned that Samsung warned that competitive dynamics in HBM would pressure profitability obviously because of kind of the uh uh with the supply and demand curve. Considering the upward pricing momentum for conventional DRM so far the second half based on current signals uh we believe the difference in margins between HBM3e and conventional DRM is expected to narrow sharply but they are saying um that the pricing of DRAM itself is actually increasing from the consumer space. So that's kind of going to narrow the gap. Uh but but it does seem like there's just a little bit more competition in this HBM3e space. Um so I wonder if a lot of comp analysts are running with that and creating kind of this negative pressure uh for Micron at least at the moment. >> Okay. But I mean I don't know the the the trend for Micron should be positive and for some reason it's not. But we've seen that before and then suddenly they release their earnings. We'll have some time because they released that in June and suddenly we see oh actually they are growing quite rapidly and and HBM is still growing um rapidly as well. So I don't know I don't know what what the market needs to needs to see there for Micron. But another company where I do have an explanation now why why it is down and that's our favorite uh our favorite company and that's Google. Um, and Google, let me just pull this up. Google is down today because why not? It's down 2.4%. >> Um, you you would think that Google would be up more because of their own earnings report and Meta and Microsoft earnings report. But no, what does pull uh Google down is that they failed to win the appeal against Fortnite parent company Epic Games in the App Store case ruling. So they lost its appeal in an Epic Game lawsuit in which a judge previously ruled that the tech giant has to revamp its App Store policies due to anti-competitive practices. Um, so it's all about that that 30% fee the same as Apple. Uh, basically, uh, Google told news outlet that the decision will significantly harm user safety and undermine innovation for Android. Um, Google's VP for regulatory affairs said uh, to Bloomberg, "Our top priority remains protecting our users and developers and ensuring a secure platform as we continue our appeal." So, I guess it's not over, but it's another loss here for Google. And we know that we still have that case uh that DOJ case. Um so, I guess that's why um I guess that's why the stock is down right now cuz I I didn't see I didn't see anything else um Google related for the day other than this. When I saw this, I was like, "Okay, I guess I guess it does make sense." Um I mean, does make sense. Yeah, stock is down because they lost your their appeal, but I guess you can appeal even more and more. >> Yeah. Um, and so that's what that's what we're getting. >> I mean, it for Google, I mean, this is one of those that is just I think the market is just pricing the negative way too high. Uh, but the bullish sentiment is still pretty exciting for this stock. >> I I have here something else. Amazon stopped spending on Google shopping ads apparently. That was yesterday. Um the report said that ad buyers who monitor Google's auction insights, a tool that provides them with a view of the top 10 advertisers and share impression share impressions in the search environment. Their bidding in regularly saw Amazon's name. But since last week, the e-commerce and tech giant has not been visible in auction insights. Um okay. I don't think we have seen anything in Google's earnings report that would suggest a big big hit. So um so yeah, so that was so that was Google. Then we have Figma. >> This was wild. I can't believe this is crazy. >> You just have one one candle here. So let me put in the hour. >> This is wild. So, Figma just went public. The price of the IPO was supposed to be $33. It opened at84 $85. Hold got halted. Then now, as you can see, we're at $122. I don't know about you, but although I like Figma's business from what we've seen, $60 billion when Adobe is worth 150 or 160 um generating I will tell you exactly what the difference is cuz someone made a post about that. Um makes makes a bit well it makes no sense. Basically, it makes no sense. Uh let's let me check this here. So Adobe generates $22.6 billion. Figma 821 but growing 40 to 45%. Uh Adobe 9.6%. Market cap 151 billion. Figma now actually more than 44 because >> more like 60 probably right. What was the original? Uh, the original was 18 billion, but it already but it opened at way more than 18. It opened at 44. Yeah, it opened at 44 and now we're like in the 60s. In the 60s, no net income, whereas Adobe is at $6.8 billion in net income. Adobe's price to sales is 6.7 times. Figma is now >> probably closer to 60 now. >> Probably no more. Probably closer to 80. They >> Wow. no PE since there are no earnings, but they are growing faster. So yeah, I don't know. >> The thing is I don't think they're extremely competitive in every I mean I haven't read Figma, but it's not like they are true competition. >> Not at all. Not at all. They have Adobe has one or two competing products that aren't that popular. >> Yeah. And that's why they wanted to buy them because they wanted that correct specment within it, but it it's not like a the whole suite is is a comparison here. Um I >> it does seem like people on on SoFi and Robin Hood got assigned like I I've seen plenty of people that only got assigned like one share or maybe two shares or something like that, but at $33. So um you are you are up four 4x >> sell it and get a nice dinner now. >> Yeah. I I don't I don't know how how it works with the selling or or not. >> Oh, that's true. I I thought there Yeah. >> Yeah. But still pretty uh pretty cool. Uh yeah. >> Yeah. Robert here says most people only got one share. And then Robert coming in clutch with another one. Um I think you just clicked it. Yeah. Everyone is using Figma instead of Adobe products. 821 million revenue. Um yeah. I mean to me with Adobe uh you know it's a forward PE ratio of 23. You don't even have tech companies in the hardware space trading at those levels anymore and you're having a software company with margins. It just seems too crazy. The only thing is this market um it's one of those markets where they can continue to hold this negative sentiment and this is a stock that can trade at lower valuations for a while. >> Um >> yeah. So this is what I want to say. If you sell today, you're getting a penalty basically. >> Yeah. Yeah. Um, which makes makes sense. >> It makes sense. >> Um, >> it would make more sense if you got more than one share, but it's like >> Yeah, it's a gimmick. Let's be honest. It's a gimmick at the moment. Um, for for both for both companies, >> but yeah, Adobe, I guess, I mean, Figma being public could help Adobe. >> Yeah. >> And I think most of them got him at the 33, right? The IPO price itself. Yeah. Yeah. Um yeah because I mean you have to think about it these these companies don't have that many shares to give and if like a million people asked for for an allocation then yeah that's the result that you get you get one share you you get you get one share um but yeah Adobe being public and Figma being public now I know it's not apples to apples but they do compete in the same design space and and maybe Adobe can get a higher multiple now that Figma is on the market and extremely overvalued. It's not growing at the same rate, but >> I mean, >> yeah. >> Question, Neil, I know in the fintech you had that popular circle IPO. I think it was Circle or I for did it >> did it drive any sentiment at Chime. Did it drive any sentiments towards other stocks during that IPO process? >> Um, or was it just mainly just focused on those two players? Chime actually is not that successful of an IPO it seems because I remember the last time we looked at it it was also in the 30 like low 30 or something like that. Um so Chime no not not much and in the meantime you have like SoFi and Dave I know it's it's a it's a popular name Dave has been crushing it recently. Um so now it seems like Chime did not do so well. Um, but let let me see if we actually see some Figma. >> I doubt we have uh we have anything on here. Too early. >> Um, too early. But let me just go back to their website then. Um, just to show >> just to show the the results that they posted. So here it is. So last 12 months revenue 821 but it is growing 46%. So you can already like add on if they do grow let's say closer to 50%. It's another $400 million for for the next year. So that's a $1.2 billion um yeah $1.2 $2 billion in revenue for for $60 billion in market cap. I mean, uh, yeah, margins are crazy. Net retention rate is super high. Um, 78% of Forbes 2000 use Figma. All of that is great. All of that is great. They do have a lot more growth potential u for their own business. But yeah, I mean, I don't know. It's a great company, but I I can see the stock going down 50%. For sure. >> Yeah. Yeah. Definitely going to be curious. Um what is uh I mean Adobee is definitely one I think eventually I want to take a closer look at. Um but it's actually it's surprisingly pretty big. $152 billion of market cap for Adobe. Um are you surprised? >> I Yeah, I'm surprised it's that big. I I thought I I I thought it was at least like 80 billion. I didn't think it was in over the 100 billion. >> I mean$22 billion in in revenue growing. >> That is true. Yeah, that is true. I I mean that's crazy then. $22 billion in revenue. So like Yeah, that's wild. >> PEG ratio of two is not the cheapest but definitely not the not the most expensive one. Uh, dividend dude asking Figma, the next circle. I mean, yes, Circle also had quite a successful successful IPO. I don't know where they're trading at right now, 180. So, did go down a little bit, but it was also in the 60s or something and then went all the way up to to 200 and something. >> Were there any Were you able I are there any short share? Can you short? I I don't short. So, normally I don't >> I don't know if you can short. I right away, right? If there's some time before I mean, if there's no even shares to >> Yeah. There aren't shares available to short, I think. >> Yeah. Yeah. Um Big Saw saying something here. How long till uh companies getting ridiculous premiums for growing at 30% revenue when they make less than 1 billion revenue? Not sure. >> Especially in a high interest rate environment, which makes this even crazier like a zero rate environment. >> Yeah. Yeah. I I understand kind of like when we had those zero 1% um interest rates uh one billion revenue was like ah this company will make it and then >> yeah I I don't know because something's got to give right because you have companies like Adobe I did a video I just did the video about Qualcomm for example as well >> did that drop already Neil >> yeah it dropped uh I think an hour or so ago um we have yeah >> it is getting yeah it is getting too cheap to ignore, especially in in a market where things are at all-time highs, where we have companies barely generating any revenue, trading at billions of dollars in valuation. Um, yeah, it's I don't know. I'm asking questions >> for for Qualcomm or for Adobe >> for for both both of them. >> Yeah, I I I think both those companies are are I would put in the sim similar time from time slot where it's like these are two companies that are successful. it's just the market is waiting I guess for the aha moment on them um uh and giving them that weak valuations. Um I think Qualcomm has some stuff to prove in terms of getting more products out there which I think will be pretty exciting. I mean um I do think glasses is definitely going to be crucial for their revenue growth and eventually Qualcomm is going to be forgotten as a phone business and it's going to be an IoT business for sure. Um >> yeah, I mean look at look at this. This is uh Adobe's digital media ARR. Quite nice. No. Compounding at 14% over the last 5 years. It's not bad, right? Not bad. Uh not bad at all. >> Not bad at all. So yeah, if people are looking at names that are not in the tech space because they want to diversify and they don't want super overvalued names, there are definitely quality companies out there that are trading at attractive prices. Um depending on what you want to get exposure to. United Health been one. I know Dividend Dudes is uh is one in that. Google is still one, believe it or not. Um >> Mhm. And with that, the market has closed. >> Closed >> quite ugly. Quite >> I see nice green if I just look at one area. >> Yeah, like move everything and just focus on these two here. >> Just focus on my Microsoft and Meta and Amazon a little bit at 1 73%. Um, but all the rest, even Salesforce, I would say even Salesforce is is a good value at these prices. It's not a high grower, but >> yeah, I don't know. I just I I'm not a fan of the CEO. I think he has a obsession. >> Yeah, he doesn't like the co-pilot from Microsoft. >> It's unhealthy. It's It's different from Mark Suckerber's obsession with uh Apple. It's a whole different thing. This one is just a scary scary obsession. Um Amazon out already. Um going up. Let's see what the market Let me check. Amazon. Yo, these guys are liars. Up.5%. >> Liar. Liar. Pants on fire. Liars in the chat. But they might be out. Let me check on X. >> I'm on their website. No. No. Wrong website. Amazon.com is not the website I needed. It's like I'm going shopping, but nope. uh da da da no only see uh maybe here the thing that I don't like is like most companies they release their ear their earnings release but then only 3 hours later do they release their presentation I'm like why why can't you release the presentation at the same time this is too much to ask >> yeah way too much stop asking um I'm on their website there's nothing yet >> there's nothing yeah I'm on X which is usually faster than their website. >> Yeah. >> Uh, Amazon just reported earnings per share $168 beating expectations of $133. I have it here from stock market news on X if you want to pull it up. Uh, revenue of 167 beating expectations of 162 billion. Um, so beat here on revenue beat on earnings per share. Obviously the next thing is where's that beat coming from? Is it coming from um cloud? Is it coming from ads? Is it coming from all over or is it coming from their investments and recognition of some things because I don't know if this is gap or not gap. >> Yeah. So, okay. Now, zero hedge has some numbers too. Amazon second quarter AWS net sales were 30.87 billion which beat by only hundred million. >> Okay, we're good. We have it. >> You got it. >> Yeah. Okay. I wonder AWS wasn't that big of a beat. I wonder if eventually the street might see that as something negative. I think all the other players beat their cloud um cloud numbers by some strong numbers. >> Okay, here it is. So, online stores up 11% for the quarter. Then physical stores up seven. Uh thirdparty seller services up 11%. Advertising an acceleration actually I see here. Oh no that's just excluding FX but up 20 23%. We have subscriptions up 12% and AWS up 17%. So same growth as last quarter. >> Mhm. >> But tougher comps. I think Q224 is Yeah. Tough. >> Everybody's had tougher comps, right, Neil? I mean, it's correct. >> I feel like every again I I don't own Amazon. Definitely good. I mean, you're seeing that 17% growth. You're seeing growth all over. I wonder how picky Street is going to be about that about AWS. Um not seeing kind of maybe a acceleration growth uh versus some of the other players. >> Um so, but yeah, advertising business% that is wild. Um yeah, and that's an acceleration in the advertising business excluding FX. You can see this uh right here. >> But AWS, I mean, if you annualize this, it's now $120 billion business for them. >> Uh let's actually see uh yeah, so North America segment net sales increasing 11%. uh operating margin operating income 49% growth year-over-year for the North American segment international I assume yeah growing much faster uh but margin here only 4.1% operating income operating margin of 3.4% 4% for international and 7% for North America. As for AWS, our margins came down actually operating margin for AWS previously 37.5 now 36.8 um for the trailing 12 months for the quarter even lower 32.9% um compared to 39.5% last quarter. So, hm interesting. We'll see. We'll see why why that has happened. Although, I do see here that Q2 is usually down a little bit. >> H interesting. Let's see if we've got some comments here from uh >> Oh, should I check on CNNC? See if we got any comments there. >> Yeah, you have some uh talking heads talking. >> Nailed it. Let me see. >> Thank you. Um, >> what kind of laugh was that, Neil? >> Let's see if we've got here some uh nice comments from Amazon. >> How's the stock reacting right now? >> I think it's it was down a little bit when I checked it. Let me see. Amazon after hours down 1.7. Not much. So Andy Jasse, you're saying, "Our conviction that AI will change every customer experience is starting to play out as we've expanded Alexa Plus to millions of customers. Continue to see our shopping agents used by many millions of customers. Never used it. Launched AI models like Deep Fleet. They can't be serious with that name. Deep Fleet that optimized productivity path for our 1 million plus robots. uh made it easier for software developers to write code with a Cairo, our new agentic IDE, launched strands to make it easier to build AI agents and released bedrock agent core to enable agents to be operated securely and scalably. I mean agents is the topic of the town right now. Um, >> yeah, >> AI agents is it's funny because Sundar said it at the start of the year because agencies that agents are going to be the topic of uh of 2025 uh operating cash flow for the quarter was up 12%. Oh no, for sorry again like I said for the 12 trailing 12 months cuz for some reason they don't want to give us uh per quarter free cash flow decreased to 11 to $18.2 2 billion for the trading 12 months compared with 53 billion for the trading 12 months ending June 30 uh 2024. So okay I guess I guess there is some lumpiness in free cash flow with these types of companies as well. I find it strange that they never like usually companies when they give you like operating income is up or operating income is down um x amount because this and that happened and here we're we're just getting just getting the numbers and that's about it. like we're not getting oh it's down because we experienced XYZ um in the quarter >> strange >> did they give uh they talked anything about Capix here Neo and I I'm trying to get on CNBC I wonder if it's raining like crazy it's not letting me log in saying server errors um >> no nothing nothing from capex in the in the press release which means they'll talk about this uh during the call we only got here a guidance um net sales 174 to $179.5 billion or to grow 10 to 13 uh%. The guidance anticipates a favorable impact of approximately 130 basis points from FX. Uh operating income is expected to be between 15.5 to 20.5. That's quite again quite a big range compared with 17.4 billion in the third quarter. Um yeah, I I guess we'll get more information during uh during the call because the the press release doesn't really tell you much as uh as per usual actually. >> Some other earnings, Neil, we did have Reddit. Reddit is up about 10%. Uh oh, yeah, Apple. >> I don't know. Did they report yet or uh >> I I haven't seen Apple numbers yet. Um but Reddit is up 10%. um sales of four almost $500 million versus 426 estimated earnings per share big of 45 cents versus 19 cents um in quarter 3 outlook of 540 million versus estimation of 473. So um Reddit is coming in clutch with the advertisement space. I'm pretty impressed for it to be up 10% after I think it was a 10% day today already, right? >> Yeah, seven or something like that. >> Something like that. Yeah, pretty wild there. >> Reddit. So, revenue. >> Yeah, I mean, not bad. Revenue 500 million, an increase of 78 uh% gross margin 90. Okay, 19.8% makes sense. Um, gap profitable with net income of $89 million and a net margin of 18%. Adjusted Eida $167 million, operating cash flow 111. It's a big improvement year-over-year. Free cash flow, same thing. Um, capex, we don't care about capex for Reddit. We care about capex for uh, uh, Amazon. Uh, let's see, daily active uniques average 110.4 million. So, that increased 21% year-over-year, which I think is a bit less or maybe the same as last quarter, but okay. Weekly active uniques, 416.4 4 million an increase of 22% uh year-over-year logged in users grew 17%. I mean that's their efforts that if you want to read through everything you have to uh you have to log in. So the efforts here all working out advertising revenue grew 84% uh year-over-year. Uh that was driven by year-over-year growth in impressions and pricing. They saw strong growth across brand and performance revenue. As for machine translation, um that continues to drive international user growth and available in 23 languages. Any anything about Reddit uh answers? Let's see. >> And when you look at that another one that did report, Coinbase, that one is down about 7% um right now. >> H interesting. So uh they're seeing good good traction here in their core search product now that has 70 million weekly users and Reddit answers has grown to 6 million up from 1 million last quarter. So big big uh I mean excellent growth there quarter over quarter from 1 million to 6 million. Not bad. Um not bad at all. So good quarter from uh from Reddit for sure. For sure. Um why why is Coinbase down? >> Uh they missed it seems on sales. Sales missed by about 100 million 1.5 versus 1.6 billion. Um but they also did miss it seems on trading volume. Trading volume was 237 billion versus 253. Regardless though, um the heck is this EPS? >> Yeah, I I guess there was a one time something. It has to be. Um okay, let me pull this up. Guess this makes more sense. uh to look at um so 1.5 >> price on Reddit. Yes, Reddit had a good one even though I don't own and I don't know the valuation but just the business itself looks pretty good from from what they the numbers they showed. >> Yeah, know they have momentum that's for sure. I mean the the business definitely has momentum. Um, Amazon still the earnings. Yeah, the call is is still still have time until the call. Um, in the meantime, maybe Apple Apple forgot that they have to report today. >> Their AI told them tomorrow. So, >> because their AI is bad. So, >> yes, we got the joke. >> We we we got we got the joke. But if you want to explain it further, you can. >> No, that's I think that's all we need. >> Uh, >> yeah, Amazon pretty good, but I guess we the market wants more more information about AWS capex during the call because currently it's down 2.1%. It's not big of a deal. Um, >> yeah. And and I was looking at the prices. I mean, it's prices that we saw before the pump from yesterday. I think it's Wednesday was at $228 and that's I think what the stock is at right now. Um it's just giving back some of the gains it had today on on maybe some more expectation. I I I think again I don't I don't think it was a bad quarter. Um but it was just that the sentiment I think from at least the other cloud server providers it was a nice beat on on the cloud business. Um and and some commentary of why that didn't happen here. Um, did they have maybe a delays in some of the servers they were hoping to build up? If so, then not a bad thing. If they go out and say, you know what, our servers actually came out a week after than we expected. Um, and that kind of hurt uh AWS, but next quarter we're going to see some nice growth there. I think that um that could shake off any fears of maybe AWS losing some market in the space. >> Yeah, because because they are the biggest. So, I guess when you're the biggest, maybe you move a little bit slower. Um, but based on their own comments, they have more demand than supply. So, I'd love to hear I'd love to hear a little bit more uh a little bit more information. Um, with regards to Coinbase, what was the big miss? Did you say uh trading volumes? Yeah, they said something about uh trading volumes. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Let's do something like this. Let's see if it if it understands. um or if it if it finds a I mean I I could probably say that maybe it's because people are using Robin Hood. >> Bullish Robin Hood. >> Yeah, maybe. Um so key factors here and by the way all of this is already available on fiscal.ai. We we we barely finished I mean close the market earnings reports coming out. All of this is already available on fiscal.ai. Link is down in the description. So they say here um one of the reasons crypto spot volumes were down 31% globally and 32% in the United States coinciding with a relatively flat average crypto market um capitalization uh market cap and a 16% quarter-over-quarter decrease in crypto asset volatility uh stable coin strategy shift. I don't know what that has to do with it. an intentional pricing change in March aimed at evolving the stable coin strategy uh dis disproportionately affecting the stable coin pair trading volume. Okay. Um consumer trading volume decline. So that was also down 45% quarter over quarter. H and institutional trading volume declined as well. Uh that was $194 billion also down 38% uh quarter over quarterarter. So influenced by a combination of reduced market volatility, a strategic shift in stable coin pricing and a shift in consumer trading behavior towards simpler platforms aka Robin Hood. I mean I don't know. >> I mean it's not like this one hasn't been performing well, right? Uh >> it's demolishing, right? It's it's up like X. It's a little in a few years, right? >> Last three years, 450%. >> Very nice. Very nice. >> Um to be honest, I thought there would have been more trading volume on crypto. I don't know. I felt like every other week we were hitting like new highs on something. I don't follow the crypto market, but on on X, I felt like beat uh Bitcoin every other day was hitting a new high or a new low or something or something. >> Yeah. But maybe >> not on their platform. Yeah, >> could be on Binance, could be on on on Robin Hood because I wonder uh Robin Hood what they did for crypto volumes uh crypto trading I maybe um trading volumes did increase. Oh no, no, sorry. Crypto, Robin Hat, crypto notional volumes did decrease also 39% quarter over quarter, but >> and they put it yesterday, right? You would have expected uh but Coinbase was also down for the day. So they kind of I guess pre-expected some drop there, but maybe it was a lot heavier than than even that. Um >> yeah, and you can see this here transaction based revenue down for the second quarter in a And you can see crypto being crypto had a huge huge uh increase I think when when uh Trump became president that quarter was insane. Since then it has come down but options I mean some of you guys on Robin Hood you're you're a bunch of uh bunch of gamblers there. I mean the options is increasing quite quite fast on Robin Hood equity ba barely barely anything. So, it's crypto, crypto and options for a transaction based revenue for for Robin Hood. And then net interest revenue is is basically the the other big chunk there for for that company. Uh Amazon stock is still down about 4%. Um about 3.8%. Again, I you know, there's some people coming in. Like I mentioned, I don't think there was anything crazy uh with Amazon. it was just more of the um what I think it's just maybe the AWS didn't meet the expectations that maybe the whisper numbers are something we're expecting there but uh like you mentioned it's the biggest player there so you don't expect that type of growth as some of the other players um but I I I wonder I I I think it has to do some with AWS uh we're going to have to see the questions obviously the questions during the Q&A session can kind of give us the uh understanding of of where uh what the market is looking the answers to. >> Yeah, currently down 4%. Um, currently down 4%. And yeah, Robin Hood, I mean, ton of prediction market contract traded, which is basically gambling. I mean, I I I said it before, Robin Hood is just a financial casino at this point, which you can like it or not, they're making quite a lot of money, but it's basically that. Um, it's basically that. >> We have someone here having a huge feeling Apple will crash. has Apple still numbers are still still I I don't know Joseph here is a little bit maybe a little bit too much I hope Apple drops 50%. >> Um I wonder I wonder if they if they dare say something about Siri during the call >> SMH is dropping back under that 20-day uh moving average. I mean, let's see. Let's see how low can this go. How low can this one go? Uh, so that's Amazon. Reddit is, yeah, doing very well, continuing its way up. Nice nice recovery here for Reddit. Uh, Coinbase, let's see what happens with them. Okay, maybe maybe we'll see 335 or so. I actually could find some resistance at the previous stop, but yeah, that's just black magic technical stuff. Um, but yeah, for those that are just coming in right now, Amazon, these are the you usually has to you just have to go to this slide right here, uh, slide 12, and you get to see all of the the business segments and the growth rates for for the company. Still good. still good but the market was probably expecting a little bit more or just waiting to get uh more information more information from uh from management. So why is SMH down Jose? >> Uh SMH I don't know I think that just the SE semiconductor market was um down today. We we saw a heavy decrease in equipment players after lamb research and you kind of got that memory downturn from Micron. Um I was trying to see if there was anything after hours but no it was just throughout the day. So, I think just most semis were down uh today. >> Okay, fair enough. Fair enough. Anything on the CNBC or uh >> I couldn't log in. Uh they're having having issues. It's not me, it's them. >> Uh >> you know, it's not me, it's them. >> Yeah, I listen to you in no earnings day. Thank you. You save my ass on Amazon. I mean, sometimes it's just not worth it. Um, so what what is this? Serepta. Sera. Never heard of this. Medical research and drug develop. No, that's not for me. I feel like every stock that has a name and then ends with therapeutics is down 80 to 90%. >> Uh, I do have CNPC working. I don't know where you want to start off. Do we want to start off with Amazon first? >> No, of course. Of course. >> Okay, relax. Let me >> screen and you let me know. >> Hey, so those shares are down 2 and a half% and it might have something to do with Q3 operating income, what they're guiding to for Q3. They're saying it's going to be in the range of 15.5 billion to 20.5 billion. That puts the midpoint at $18 billion. The street wanted to see 19.48 billion. Other than that, we've got a Q3 Q3 revenue guide of 174 to 179.5 billion versus uh the analyst consensus of $173.1 billion. So that's a beat there. I want to also shift over to the other side of their business, which is uh the retail side that's showing strength. We saw three key beats. So online sales that came in at 61.48 billion against uh the street's 58.98 billion estimate. Third-party seller revenue. This is the metric that really offers insight into how outside businesses are performing on the platform. That's a beat. 40.34 billion versus 38.7 billion. One more number I want to bring you guys is North America revenue. Another beat here. 100.06 billion versus the consensus of 97.65 billion. We care about this number because we're talking about net sales from its core US and Canada operations. This really is an indicator of the health of the domestic retail market. Listening to the call to see what color they can give us on capex. That is the big number that we are waiting for guys. We're going to see if they revise up from that 100 billion number that they uh gave us in Q1. >> All right. Yeah. Mackenzie Sagalos, thank you. Uh let's continue to take a look at Amazon report with Roit Karnney from Roth NKM. Uh Roit, good to see you. So AWS growth 17.5%. We got some extra detail from Microsoft on uh Azure's overall growth. How does AWS's growth and the operating income at 10.2 billion look to you in terms of share and competitiveness with uh with the others? >> Um so AWS has been the leader as you know. um they've been uh uh as the prior speaker said they've been caught a bit flatfooted on uh how to uh take advantage of the AI cloud AI compute and AI inferencing theme I believe they are playing catch-up and the slight acceleration of a very large base is encouraging in my opinion uh the acceleration from over the last couple quarters that we are seeing and we see that to be sustainable and uh this is a company that generates uh AWS generates more than 30% of margins so market leader uh accelerating revenues with uh market leading margins. I think I think that's an encouraging sign and for the first time we saw AWS coming in slightly above expectations. So uh perhaps the AI cloud layer is uh starting to show up in the numbers and that's what we would like to see on the G. >> Okay. Tell me your sense of where we are for investors who are looking trying to see who's getting a better business built in AI in the cloud. My sense is the product's still being built. They're trying to the different hyperscalers design chips that allow them to more efficiently get these jobs done that customers are demanding. Are we yet able to see how that's panning out or are they still making adjustments as they form these relationships with the various model makers um and and build the products? >> Uh I think we are still in uh learning and building mode um almost comparable to where we were with uh uh 2012 when it came to internet cloud. So we are still very early uh as far as uh which products, which tech stack, which category of completely vertical tech stacks uh and in-house silicon versus Nvidia GPUs, all the various combinations of pricing and product and offerings, they're just coming together and the big three which is Amazon, Google and Microsoft are are rushing to put out products to help AI labs uh be uh their exclusive partners. uh so I think uh by sometime early to mid next year is when we'll actually see probably more compute more demand for uh uh these uh data centers being built as capacity constraints start to uh perhaps uh reduce over the next 69 months and that's where the capex comes in. It is $ 32 billion capex quarter which is a $120 billion run rate which is a massive massive number that gives us confidence of revenue in the future. >> Yeah. So, when I think about Amazon, I think about a company that over the years has at times sacrificed profitability to reinvest into itself and disrupt itself and disrupt and reach out into new markets too. So, when you do look at this capex number that for the quarter came in so much higher than street expectations and you do look look at some of the um some of the details around free cash flow and and and margins in the guidance. Is this just another iteration of that for Amazon? uh in my opinion I think um this new era of Amazon uh that we are in is where they're balancing profitable growth uh unlike uh uh where meta has entered right now. Meta almost feels like uh it has entered into the that era which uh was comparable to what Amazon was in when u uh people cheered uh when they missed earnings. Today's Amazon's era is almost uh where they are generating sufficient amount of cash. it is uh the stock can be bought on earnings and hence um we we would be very surprised if next year's earnings or some other profitability metrics come in below expectation and they shift gears into uh investments at all costs. I think I think the company has enough levers right now as compared to 10 years back that they can balance profitability in a certain pile of business and uh invest in other pile. >> Okay, Rohit Karnney, thank you. with Amazon still sinking now down a little bit more than 4% in overtime. Well, lots of earnings. >> Did you did you manage to catch the the capex number that he set? >> He said 32 >> 32 for the quarter. >> Yeah. So 120 plus if you know over run rate. >> Yeah, cuz I think the previous the previous number they gave us was 100 for the year. So maybe accelerating maybe accelerating which means they're trying to meet demand. Um, >> yeah. I mean, yeah, it seems um like we talked about it a little bit that there might be some reports that they were a little bit lagging in AI server movement and maybe that's just catching in right now, but the great thing is they could just build those servers and uh maybe that's what they're trying to do with that capex and I think we're going to hear a little bit more u during the earnings call. But uh if they I if AWS is the issue, it's an issue that can easily be fixed in my opinion. >> Yeah. And there there was that announcement that we covered last uh couple of weeks ago, right? When they announced their new uh rack system that that should that should make them more efficient, that should make them more faster. Maybe that could help the the deployment and maybe the margin profile even more even though margins are still above 30%. You know, now that I think about it, I wonder if that was a reason why they maybe were slowing down with it. They wanted to, I guess, perfect how they can um yeah, move on with the data center. No point in building new uh of moving on if you didn't if you didn't have the right plan. Uh so I wonder again hopefully all that Apple is out. Uh maybe we can look at that and I'll look >> before before we go into Apple, Salesforce is buying another company. Um, apparently they signed a definitive agreement to acquire, yes, a leading AI powered prospecting platform that helps sales teams identify and engage high potential leads uh using advanced lead intelligence and data enrichment. is probably not going to be as big as the Informatica type of a acquisition, but it's yet another acquisition for Salesforce expected to close in third quarter of Salesforce fiscal 2026, which I think they already right now in their fiscal uh 26 quart uh year. Let's see if they if they are um yes, they are in their fiscal 26 year. Okay. So that's that's Salesforce. You you say that Apple is out. >> Yeah. Um I can I I can share screen really quick. Uh Neo, if you want. Um I mean the they're already talking about it. >> Yeah. Yeah, you can. Of course. >> And then Well, you can maybe look at the numbers really quick. >> Beat at $157. Street wanted to see a $143. Revenue also a beat here. really strong revenue quarter, 94.04 billion. Street wanted to see 89.53 billion. That, by the way, 10% year-over-year growth and the best quarterly uh year-over-year growth we've seen at Apple since the December 2021 quarter. iPhone also beat you. We're just talking about seeing growth there. That is up 13% to 44.58 billion for iPhone revenue. Street wanted to see 40.22 billion. Services also continuing that growth streak 27.42 42 billion compared to the 26.8 billion expected. And China is back to growth, John. It's up 4% for the quarter to 15.37 billion. Uh we see shares here reacting to this up about 2%. I'll send it back over to you. >> All right. Thank you, Patrick Morhead. Let me get back to you on this. Look, I'm sure we'll have plenty to talk to you about as well. This kind of goes against the narrative of China uh being back to growth because AI is not built into iPhone Siri yet. there's all of this doom and gloom around the stock. Uh it would popped a little bit uh initially, but it's uh modestly higher. What's your reaction to these numbers? >> I'm very impressed. I didn't expect this. Um you are seeing I mean they have the killer brand in China. That's probably the biggest growth surprise that I'm seeing. Uh I do think the temperament between the US and China uh cooled off and then it got really hot and then it cooled off again and we're at a period where the nationalistic China buy is still there but not nearly to the extent that it was in the in the prior quarter. And I think uh you know for me it was puts and takes right you had you have the the September launch coming up when typically the west uh pulls back but then again you had the fear of tariffs that people were talking about on social media that accelerated that and it appears that the let's buy quickly based on potential tariffs and price increases overpowered everything else for the iPhone outside of China. >> Interesting. Gil, do you see it the same way, especially given the beats across the board? >> Yeah, that's right. There's a lot of noise because of what Patrick just pointed to, which is there could have been some pull in of demand. Let's not forget in China, we had a couple of quarters that were relatively weaker with inventory clearing. So, that set us up well for this quarter. Uh, and in between those two things, that could explain some of the surprise. But I would say it may not be a coincidence that this is the best um stock react or the best iPhone results since uh end of 2021 because that's when we upgraded to iPhone 12 which was the last big upgrade. This iPhone may not be a huge leap forward but it is the biggest upgrade since then. So maybe we are getting a little bit of the upgrade cycle beyond the noise. And by the way, the noise in China will continue because it is right in the crosshairs of the trade dispute between the US and China and it will continue to be there probably going forward. >> Okay, shares of Apple are up about one and a half% right now. Let's get back to Steve Kovac for more on these results from Apple. >> Yeah, Morgan, I did catch up with CEO Tim Cook on these results. And we did talk about what Gil and Patrick were just talking about a little bit on China. We did talk about uh the subsidies from the government being a boost uh for the iPhone business there. So that perhaps or definitely uh weighed into the results on top of the JD.com shopping holiday, kind of their version of Amazon Prime Day. But let's talk about tariff impact and the idea of the pull forward demand. Tim Cook telling me that actually did happen a little bit. Uh here's what he said. Uh quote, on the buying ahead relative to worrying about prices on tariffs, we did see some evidence of that in the early part of the quarter. we would estimate it to be about one point of the 10 points of company growth. So that topline revenue growth, one point of that Tim Cook attributing to this idea that people were buying forward ahead of those tariff impacts. Um also caught up with him about artificial intelligence and the investment we've been seeing from so many of Apple's peers. Uh just yesterday, Microsoft saying they're going to dump $30 billion into capex for AI. Uh he said Tim Cook telling me uh investment's going to be growing. uh we're significantly increasing. I'm not giving you an exact number today about what that means, but we significantly increased in the June quarter and we're significantly increasing in the September quarter. He also told me that is both for artificial intelligence talent and of course the compute side of things where all the money is really going. And then on uh M&A, there's a lot of questions about whether Apple needs to sort of acquire itself into this AI moment. uh Tim Cook telling us that he acquired seven companies so far this year, not all necessarily artificial intelligence and also saying none of those have been huge in terms of dollar amount, but we're open to M&A that accelerates our road map and so we're not closing anything off there. And by the way guys, we're the call is going to kick off here in about 25 minutes. Uh Cook telling me we'll get some more uh detail and color, not just some forward guidance, but also the overall tariff impact and how they plan to mitigate that. So, more to come here on the call, guys. >> Okay, so we were wrong. Apparently, people are still buying iPhones. So, these are >> these are the numbers. Um, so yeah, like you like we've heard a beat on sales, beat on EPS, bet on China sales, and beat on iPhone sales as well. So, overall, this is what we get for the quarter. Product revenue 66.6 billion. uh services 27.4 billion net income did increase to $23.4 $4 billion uh EPS $157 and then here net sales per segment America still the largest that has increased nicely Europe has increased greater China increasing as well that was the big question around that so a small beat but a beat nonetheless in uh in China in Japan as well growing there and then iPhones iPhone coming in at $44.58 billion up from the 39.29 29 billion sim quarter last year. Mac has increased by a billion dollar. iPad decreased. I don't think they came out with a new iPad. Maybe they will come out with a new one. So, okay. Wearables decreased as well, but that has been coming down for quite a while. Then services keeps on increasing. So, so that's good. Now, did you hear uh during during one of the the guys talking about subsidies in China? >> Mhm. The first time I heard about this, I was like, "Wait a second. You get subsidies to buy phones." Well, yes, Couch Investor tweeted about this May 22nd. I didn't know that phones in China get a state subsidized discount. >> Quite interesting, huh? But then again, when they want to spy on you, of course, they want you to have a phone in your pocket. So, it makes sense. But, but I didn't say this. I didn't I didn't say this, Xiinping. I didn't say I didn't say this. It's a hypothetical. It's a hypothetical. >> The AI said it I didn't say I didn't say anything. Um so so yeah, I mean it's I guess Apple did lower the price because previously they were not eligible for it. So So I guess they maybe lower the price to get to get that subsidy from uh from the government. George, we got 11 Apple devices in our home and that excludes Air Tags. Of course, it's sticky. >> Yes, it is. I mean, that that's the that's the thing. I mean, we both admit that Apple's business and the ecosystem is is one of the best ever created, >> but I mean, how many new iPhones do you need? >> Yeah. Yeah. Definitely surprised by the B. I I didn't expect there be a growth, not just I mean, not just Apple, but just in the phone business. I didn't see that there was much of a I I didn't think there was going to be a growth in the uh in the phone business for regardless of who it was. >> Yeah. Um >> and it was interesting to hear that maybe we might hear some discussions on >> investments. Yeah. investments in AI at least for that portion and maybe the market might actually uh like that a lot >> or not depending on how on what they actually say cuz yeah they did say that they acquired seven companies already this year. Um it's quite crazy that they can acquire companies and that goes under the radar which tells me one those aren't interesting companies and two uh Apple can acquire companies but Metadat couldn't acquire a a gift making company. remember that story from a couple of years ago. They wanted to acquire that company Gy or whatever the gift making company blocked because anti-competitive or or whatever that means um makes no sense makes no sense. Um they do say here that innovation, the introduction of new software designs and Apple intelligent features at uh the worldwide uh developer conference is highlighted as a key factor in driving customer engagements and sales. I don't know about you u but people were making memes about what Apple released not so long ago. What was it? Liquid glass or was >> I don't know still >> but someone told us that you can now move icons on the >> hump hump that's wild. >> So so that's that's >> innovation. >> That that is truly innovative. But yeah, let's see let's see what they say about Siri about their AI uh investments um hiring as well. That's the thing with Apple. It's still a good business and it seems like >> there's something we haven't we don't knock it forward. We know it's a good business. It's definitely has >> but this >> innovative. Yes, this is true. >> It's a joke. >> Um it's money and they got it. Yes, that is true. >> Yeah, that's I mean a luxury position. A very good and luxury position um to be in. money-making machines. >> I wouldn't know anything about that. All my stocks just burned. >> Amazon still down 4%. Coinbase is still down 3%, but apparently it's >> BMA's still up 7% after hours after some bullish sentiment that came from some of these earnings. Um, Reddit up 20% now. >> I wonder if there was any interesting semiconductors reporting after hours today. Um, >> let me check my advanced money doubler. >> Reddit. Did you say Reddit already? >> Reddit 20%. >> Yeah, that's wild. >> 20%. Nvidia >> after 8% >> also downish. Uh why is Amazon down? Still waiting for more information on uh on AWS growth, capex and all of that. >> The quarter was fine. The quarter was fine. Um >> yeah, if I was an Amazon shareholder, it wouldn't have been anything that would be like, ah, I hate this. Um but it's just like what are you doing now with with AWS and Capex? >> Yeah. Like can you accelerate it? Um so apparently Coinbase is recovering on announcement of tokenized stocks and prediction market. So the Robin Hood playbook basically. Um the Robin Hood playbook. And if it works for Robin Hood, you could say it's going to work for Coinbase depending on the fees I guess. Um but yeah, someone said like who's trading on Robin Hood? I think if you're a subscriber of uh who's trading on Coinbase, I think if if you are a subscriber of Coinbase, I think the fees are are removed or extremely extremely low. Um but yeah, I I wouldn't be buying uh on on Coinbase because the fees are very very high. Very very high. Um ah I think Roku also reported the longlost >> Ro Cloudflare. It used to be a popular one during um the co time. Net ticker net is up I think about 7% 6% right now. >> Five did pretty 5.9. That's six to me. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. Up 84% year to date. Pretty This one's been doing pretty nice. Yeah. It's not It's not a cheap name, but apparently it's been doing quite well. Uh revenue increasing 28%. uh still losing money loss from operations still uh delivered current IP RPO year-over-year growth of 33% and RPO year-over-year growth of 39%. That's not bad. Um that's not bad at all, actually. Uh let's see. >> Yeah. And for semiconductor, the MPWR, this one, um >> monolytic uh >> monolithic power, they were up about 4% I I saw, but I said I need cool names. I mean, monolytic power is a cool name. >> It is. That is true. >> Um, it's like one of those stones that maybe some Marvel uh villain needs. >> Uh, but this has been pretty interesting power solutions and I for for a long time they've been talking about kind of they provide a lot of solutions for like GPU for the motherboards and servers and with the GPUs growing it it's um I wonder if that continues to be one of their tailwinds there. How much of Reddit pump is is Wall Street Bets? That's interesting. Now, now that it's pumping, people are going to go to Reddit to talk about it some more. And then the cycle of growth just continues. I think Reddit and found out the ultimate infinite money loop. >> So, it's a good loop. It's a good loop. Uh, let me go back to Amazon and see. We still have 13 minutes for the until the call starts. So, in the meantime, let's see if I can find something uh something that came out. Let's see. Oh, man. Could Amazon hit at least 240? Could. Yeah, for sure. >> Yes, possible. I mean, I I think even Mario mentioned Amazon he believes summer will recover by Monday. I mean, it all depending on the call, it could actually recover by after earnings uh call. >> Exactly. >> I think call could could move a lot >> on the downside as well. Don't forget. >> Um yeah, but I mean it's this is also a stock that has been moving >> very very rapidly. I mean, since the lows in April, this thing What? What the heck happened here? >> What are you doing there, Neil? >> I don't know. Hola. Poof. This thing was up 45% and now it's up 40% with the afterhour action. I mean, it's a company worth what two trillion dollars or something like that. Um 22 2.5 no maybe 2.4. So, it's been making moves. It's also a company that historically likes to just reinvest everything they have into the business for future growth. And so maybe the market again is like right now, okay, fine. But all the rest are showing already some good signs. You're still growing, but why aren't you growing maybe faster? But those are the questions and and the things that we will get answered obviously uh hopefully during the uh during the earnings call. As for Apple, yeah, they're back to prices not seen since basically last week. So, >> Apple really? >> Yeah, last week they were at 214. Then they dropped under the moving averages here and now we're back just above the just above the 200 uh day one. But yeah, other than that, that's uh that's about it for now. Um 10 minutes until the call and this time I will not put the music on so we don't have to get screwed over uh by the monetization gods on >> what what happened with Roku did that and I know you talked about it Neil um >> did they >> I don't know I I checked and there was >> some stuff and then it was flat. Yeah. >> Yeah. Um, let's see if I can find it on their website. >> Roku drives up quarter 2 revenue 15% turns in surprise profit in solid earnings beat >> and that's why billion. >> Yeah, it was up for a while and then flat. This is another one that got forgotten about. >> Yeah, but that's wild. It's still down over 80% from that COVID high. According to uh Kathy Wood, it's a $1,500 stock. I think next year. >> Nice. >> If I if I if I remember correctly. >> You don't care about the four years. It's about all it's all in that that that last year. Get into that. >> Um so this is Roku. Net revenue $1.111 billion dollars up 15% platform revenue up 18% gross profit up 17 uh streaming hours were 35.4 billion up 5.2 billion hours year-over-year Roku channel remained the number two app on their uh platform in the US by engagement. Um, they used to show me the streaming hours quarter over quarter, but that's not shown here. >> Not there anymore. >> No, no, I don't. >> Ah, bearish. >> See that free cash flow trading 12 months again with the free cash flows trailing 12 months. I hate it when companies do that. Um, but okay. I don't know why there's no pictures here, but fine. That seems >> they also announc. >> Nice. Nice. >> Not earnings related. Um but um damn it. What was it? Wondering any news on Tesla today? Stock was down. Um but I did see made that big news of robo taxi in San Francisco. I'm I'm surprised I didn't hear a little bit more about that. Neil, any any thoughts here? Uh yeah, I don't know. I I guess I mean remember they launched in Austin and then since then it seems like that has been forgotten as well which can Elon is maybe >> yeah might be good but Elon might also have taken the the shine of that announcement with with his tweets right after that when when he started talking about the American party. Um, but yeah, since then, I don't know. We have we haven't heard anything. Um, I I know there were some pricing changes. They went from $420 to now $6.99. Um, maybe that has changed or not. I don't know. But again, I don't think there are that many vehicles going around. >> Yeah. >> Um, right now, plus the earnings report, the earnings report was just, let's let's be honest, was just not good. Um um and yeah, earnings call hasn't happened yet. Um it's still uh 5:00 in about 8 minutes. Um we also had this question, Neil, can anyone tell what's uh ASML is selling off last month? Um someone mentioned something, Florian, uh uh this was one of the things they they couldn't really guaranteed uh much growth in 2026. Uh and there was uh some negative sentiments there. You also kind of have maybe recent negative sentiments of Intel slowing capital expenditure, right? nearly kind of slowed down their uh they're they're they're stopping their um >> plants in >> Europe. >> Europe. Two plants in Europe, right? Germany and >> Germany, I think, >> and Poland. Uh and then they're slowing down the uh buildouts of some stuff in Ohio, I believe. So, all that can be seen as a a negative headwind uh for some of the growth rates for ASML. Now, the question is here, right, Neil, is is this new news for ASML or is this news that was already baked into that guidance? uh because if it is new news then that definitely could put even more pressure onto the stock. I would be hopeful to think it's not. I would be hopeful that a lot of these companies um ASML would have already known beforehand if maybe some of the orders were going to come in or not. Um so I'm I'm I'm more hopeful than that, but it it's just a lot of headwinds are impacting ASML in my opinion the short term. In the long term um you did kind of have something with that EU and US trade agreement. Um, but we still haven't seen because the US is still doing whatever I think it's that 252. I forget the actual number. Um, of like that special research on the market. Um, we still haven't seen what they're going to do with the semiconductor space that's still under investigation. Um, which I think should be ending soon. Um, so yeah, I What else? >> Correct. Yes. Chlorite. Correct. Um, I don't know who's following this, but I've seen one comment on First Solar reported. Um, solar and LG players have been hit quite a lot, but First Solar is not like an NPC. Um, they're actually up now four 4.7%. They'll be around I think they'll be flat for the year after this. And it's a good quarter. It's a good quarter. They even said here in our view the recent policy and train and trade developments have on balance strengthened first solar's relative position in the solar manufacturing industry. In addition we believe that the fundamental basis with a cost competitive energy and faster time to power profile uh the case for utility scale solar generation is compelling regardless of the policy environment which places solar a utility scale leader in a position of strength. So unlike uh companies like I'd say maybe NFACE for example who are very much um under pressure with the new policies and especially with the fact that interest rates are still high and subsidies will be will be lowered and probably removed over the next couple of years might or might not uh happen of course but yeah first solar pretty good uh company if you want to get exposure to that uh energy energy segment don't have tool. You can just >> I don't want to. Thanks though. >> No, that's fine. Um something. Let's see. Four minutes until the call. >> Yeah. Let's see what we have. So, Amazon did what's going on with Amazon right now? Still down. Some people are saying it's recovering a little bit. Um Martin says it's only down about 2%. Um, yeah, recovering a little bit, but not much. Not much. The market is just waiting uh for the for the earnings call. Um, uh, someone is the Apple ER call guaranteed to make the price go higher? Nothing's ever guaranteed in the stock market. Um, except that there's no guarantees. I think that's the only guarantee. Um, >> and then that's fading already. It's now only up 1.4%. >> Yeah. And and we're getting a little bit of talks here on the ASML. I would just say for ASML, I think there's still a long-term potential. I mean, you're still seeing kind of a huge um you're still seeing huge tailwinds. If what happens when the AI market enters the consumer product, the amount of chips that are going to be needed there, you're going to need the increase of um you're going to need more supply chain lines. So there there's a lot of different tailwinds behind ASML. I think it's just in the short term there's could be some uh some headwinds uh that the market is not going to like. >> Correct. Correct. Hey, what is this name? There was a name that someone put in the chat before, but I forgot. Clear water. >> No, I don't know. Forget forget about it. >> Forget about it. >> Uh, when the earnings call is in 2 minutes. Usually earnings calls are like an hour or an hour and a half after the market close um for everyone. >> Rise of the Phoenix. Um I don't have any thoughts on DLO. I think that's the DLC, right? Yeah. I don't follow that market. >> Uh right. So nothing. But if Neil says it, I'm going to give him at least some little bit of trust. >> Thank you. I appreciate that. Uh Clack in red. Um, black stock. It does seem like a lot of semiconductor equipment stocks were down today. Lamb Research reported last night, uh, last night. Um, I'm going to do a little research on this, but I think semiconductor equipment stocks are getting at least some of them are getting unfairly beat in the short term of things. So, um, quality down 8% is is is ridiculous. like you would think this would be a super super expensive stock but it is not we we already have here some slides available on the earnings call so we can have a look at that for a for Amazon um so net sales North America 60% uh then international 22 and AWS is 18% of the total um of the total revenue and this is net sales training 12 months about the same split here um about the same operating income up 31% year-over-year or 30 on FX neutral basis trailing 12 months up 40% to 76.19 uh billion dollars as for net income up 35% and then trailing 12 months up 59% so bit of a small slowdown right now um net sales and operating income from North America uh operating income is more more interesting here. So, we're at uh we're up 48% year-over-year on that. As for international, up 448% because well, it was very very small previously, but it's good to see that the international side of things is getting a bit more a bit more profitable. Um and then AWS here up 9% year-over-year. >> So, yeah, I'm I'm interested to hear why it is a bit a bit lower for for the quarter. Um operating margin I know last quarter was amazing 39% or so. Um no music. Nice try. Nice try. But no, it's music. Uh free cash flow trading 12 months is down 66%. Um long-term goal is to optimize free cash flows. That's probably why they're giving us training 12 months um and not the the quarterto quarter. And then eventually I I do want them to start buying back a boatload of shares because Amazon is one of the only big tech companies out there I think with Tesla where there there is no there's no share buyback. There's no share buyback and share outstandings have just continued to go up um time and time again. So >> and while we wait for earnings call we have Waldo. What do you guys think about TSMC? Someone says the intrinsic value is 154 and is overvalued. I don't agree, but would like your thoughts. I don't agree either, Waldo. I think there's growth opportunities there, but I'm just not an investor. All right, earnings call. Go. >> To our Q2 2025 financial results conference call. Joining us today to answer your questions is Andy Jasse, our CEO, and Brian Oski, our CFO. As you listen to today's conference call, we encourage you to have our press release in front of you, which includes our financial results, as well as metrics and commentary on the quarter. Please note, unless otherwise stated, all comparisons in this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2024. Our comments and responses to your questions reflect management's views as of today, July 31st, 2025 only, and will include forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially. Additional information about factors that could potentially impact our financial results is included in today's press release and our filings with the SEC, including our most recent annual report on Form 10K and subsequent filings. During this call, we may discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. In our press release, slides accompanying this webcast and our filings with the SEC, each of which is posted on our IR website, you will find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures, including reconciliations of these measures with comparable gap measures. Our guidance incorporates the order trends that we've seen to date and what we believe today to be appropriate assumptions. Our results are inherently unpredictable and may be materially affected by many factors including fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, changes in global economic and geopolitical conditions, tariff and trade policies and customer demand and spending including the impact of recessionary fears, inflation, interest rates, regional labor market constraints, world events, the rate of growth of the internet, online commerce, cloud services, and new and emerging technologies, and the various factors detailed in our filings at the SEC. Our guidance assumes, among other things, that we don't conclude any additional business acquisitions, restructurings, or legal settlements. It's not possible to accurately predict demand for our goods and services, and therefore our actual results could differ materially from our guidance. And now, I'll turn the call over to Andy. Thanks, Dave. Today, we're reporting $167.7 billion in revenue, up 12% year-over-year, excluding the impact from foreign exchange rates. Operating income was 19.2 2 billion up 31% year-over-year and trailing 12-month free cash flow was 18.2 billion. We saw good progress across our various customer experiences and businesses this past quarter. Starting with stores, we feel good about both the inputs and outputs of the business. At Amazon, we think of our business in terms of inputs and outputs. Outputs are metrics like revenue or operating margin, but of course, you can't manage at the output level. It's the inputs that drive the outputs. So, we spend virtually all of our time internally talking about and going against inputs. The inputs that matter most to customers in our stores business are selection, low prices, and speed of delivery. We've taken another step forward in selection these past few months, headlined by the much requested return of Nike's products to Amazon's retail store. We've added premium brands like a way Aveda Marc Jacobs fragrances and brands from Sachs and Amazon like Dolce and Gabbana Ro Stella McCartney Rosetta Getty and La Pra and we started expanding our very successful perishables pilot where we offer customers perishables at the point of purchase when they're ordering other items that will be delivered same day from our same day fulfillment nodes. We're seeing strong customer adoption as 75% of customers who've used the service this year are firsttime shoppers for perishables on Amazon with 20% of customers who use the service returning multiple times within their first month. Our prices continue to be low and sharp for customers. It's one of the reasons our everyday essentials growth outpaced the rest of the business globally and represented one out of every three units sold. It's also why well-known research firm for Fidero has concluded for eight years in a row that Amazon has the lowest prices of any US retailer. But perhaps the clearest outputs are the rate at which our stores business grew this past quarter and the success we saw in our recent Prime Day event. This year's Prime Day was our biggest ever with record sales, number of items sold, and number of Prime signups in the three weeks leading up to the Prime Day. Customers saved billions of dollars and independent sellers, most of which are small and medium-sized businesses saw their best sales performance of any Prime Day event. Yet, there continues to be a lot of noise about the impact that tariffs will have on retail prices and consumption. Much of it thus far has been wrong and misreported. As we said before, it's impossible to know what will happen. Where will tariffs finally settle, especially China? What happens when we deplete the inventory we forward bought or that our selling partners forward deployed in advance of the tariffs going into effect? If costs end up being higher, who will absorb them? But what we can share is what we've seen thus far, which is that through the first half of the year, we haven't yet seen diminishing demand nor prices meaningfully appreciating. We also have such diversity of sellers in our marketplace, over two million sellers in total, with differing strategies of whether to pass on higher cost to consumers, that customers are advantaged shopping at Amazon because they're more likely to find lower prices on the items they care about. Further improving delivery speed remains a key focus. And we continue to make progress. We've previously shared how we rearchitect our US inbound network into a regional structure, allowing us to place inventory and ship from locations closer to customers, improving speed and lowering costs. That work is delivering tangible results. In Q2, we've increased the share of orders moving through direct lanes, where packages go straight from fulfillment to delivery without extra stops by over 40% year-over-year. We've also reduced the average distance packages traveled by 12%. And lowered handling touches per unit by nearly 15%. We've made progress on order consolidation. With more products positioned locally, we're able to pack more items into each box and send fewer packages per order. That has helped drive higher units per box and improved overall cost to serve. Taken together, these improvements are making the network faster and structurally more efficient. We've also set another global speed record in Q2, delivering to Prime members at our fastest speeds ever. In the US, we delivered 30% more items same day or next day than during the same period last year. Items customers used to pick up locally in nearby physical stores are now arriving at their door, often within hours. And we're working to further improve delivery speeds no matter where customers live. We've recently announced plans to expand our same day and next day delivery to tens of millions of US customers in more than 4,000 smaller cities, towns, and rural communities by the end of the year. Today, it's already available in more than a thousand of these communities across the US. The early response from customers in these areas have been very positive. They're shopping more frequently and purchasing household essentials at meaningfully higher rates. Automation or robotics are also important contributors to improving cost efficiencies and driving better customer experiences over time. We deployed our 1 millionth robot across our global fulfillment network and unveiled innovations at our last mile innovation center such as automated package sorting and a transformative technology that brings packages directly to employees and an ergonomic height. We rolled out deep fleet. Our AI improves robot travel efficiency by 10%. At our scale, that's a big deal. Deep Fleet acts like a traffic management system to coordinate robots movements to find optimal paths and reduce bottlenecks. For customers, it means faster delivery times and lower costs. For our team members, our robots handle more of the physically demanding tasks, making our operations network even safer. This combination of robotics and generative AI is just getting started. And while we've made significant progress, it's still early with respect to what we'll roll out in the next few years. Moving on to Amazon ads, we're pleased with the strong growth, generating 15.7 billion of revenue in a quarter, growing 22% year-over-year. We continue to see strength across our broad portfolio of fullfunnel advertising offerings that in the US alone help advertisers reach an average adup supported audience of more than 300 million across our own properties. These are properties like our retail marketplace, Prime Video, Twitch, and Fire TV in live sports such as NFL, NASCAR, and the NBA as well as thirdparty websites and apps. Another area we're excited about is our demand side platform or Amazon DSP. Our DSP enables advertisers to plan, activate, and measure fullfunnel investments. Our trillions of proprietary browsing, shopping, and streaming signals paired with extensive supply side relationships. And our secure clean rooms provide advertisers the ability to optimize advertising, deliver greater precision, and drive efficient and effective advertising outcomes. And in June, we announced a momentous partnership with Roku, giving advertisers access to 80 million connected TV households, the largest authenticated connected TV footprint in the US, exclusively through Amazon DSP. It's a giant leap forward for advertisers, bringing best-in-class planning, audience precision, and performance to TV advertising. We also announced an integration between Disney's Realtime Ad Exchange and Amazon DSP. This collaboration allows advertisers to gain direct access to Disney's premium inventory across platforms like Disney Plus, ESPN, and Hulu, while allowing them to leverage insights from both companies. When advertisers work with Amazon, they're not just buying ad space. They're benefiting from exceptional programming, innovative technology, and unrivaled signals measurement and audience development that provide strong relevancy for consumers and return on investment for brands. Moving on to AWS. In Q2, AWS grew 17.5% year-over-year and now has over a 123 billion annualized revenue run rate. We continue to help organizations of all sizes accelerate their transition to the cloud, signing new agreements with companies including PepsiCo, Airbnb, Pelaton, NASDAQ, London Stock Exchange, Nissan Motor, GitLab, SAP, Warner Brothers Discovery, 12 Labs, FICO, Iberia Airlines, SK Telecom, and Nat West. In the rapidly evolving world of generative AI, AWS continues to build a large, fast growing triple-digit year-over-year percentage, multi-billion dollar business with more demand than we have supply for at the moment. A few points to make. First, on the hardware side, our custom AI chip, Tranium 2, is landing capacity in larger quantities and has impressively emerged as the backbone for Anthropic's newest generation cloud models and many of our most essential offerings like Amazon Bedrock. We've also launched Amazon EC2 instances powered by Nvidia Grace Blackwell superchips, AWS's most powerful NVIDIA GPU accelerated instance. Second, in Bedrock, we've recently added Anthropics Claude 4 and it's the fastest growing model ever in Bedrock. We've also continued to see strong adoption of Amazon Nova, our own Frontier model, and it's now the second most popular foundation model in Bedrock. New features in Nova allow customers to customize their Nova models in ways they can't on other foundation models, allowing organizations to infuse these models with their unique expertise while optimizing for cost and speed. As people have become excited about building agents, they're realizing they lack the tools to build them. In May, we released Strands, an open-source way to more easily build agents that's taken off with a wide range of customers with already 2500 stars on GitHub and over 300,000 downloads on Pippi. Customers are also struggling with deploying agents into production in a secure and scalable way. It's holding up enterprises scaling agents. To help solve that problem, Bedrock just released Agent Core. Agent Core is a set of building blocks that gives customers the industry's first secure serverless runtime to provide both synchronous and asynchronous execution, agent identity and boundaries, a memory service, a gateway that translates services to MCP compatible interfaces, built-in code execution and web browser tools, and an observability service. Customers are excited about Agent Core and it frees them up to start deploying agents more expansively. Third, you're starting to see AWS release more powerful applications at the top layer of the AI stack. AWS Transform is an AWS agent that dramatically reduces mainframe modernization timelines from years to months. Completes VMware to EC2 conversions up to 80 times faster. It makes it simple to move from .NET Windows to NET Linux implementations reducing licensing costs for .NET applications by up to 40%. We've also just released Curo, our new agentic integrated development environment coding agent. There's a lot of buzz around Curo with several hundred,000 developers using or requesting access in the first couple weeks. A 100,000 used in the first 5 days of the preview. What struck a chord for developers is that Curo allows them to do vibe coding where developers use natural language to chat with a coding agent to build code. But unlike other coding agents where developers don't really have any structure to build on top of, Curo allows developers to use natural language to build a spec and then automatically updates that spec as they continue to vibe code or interact with Curo. This makes it much easier to go from prototyping to production. Customers also like Hero's event-driven agent hooks that act like an experienced developer catching things developers might miss. When developers save a React component, hooks update the test file. When they modify API endpoints, hooks refresh readme files. When they're ready to commit, security hooks scan for leak credentials. It's still very early for Kira, but it seems clear we're on to something customers love. and Carol has a chance to transform how developers build software. I say this frequently, but remember that 85 to 90% of worldwide IT spend is still on premises versus in the cloud. In the next 10 to 15 years, that equation is going to flip, further accelerated by company's excitement for leveraging AI. So AWS's significantly broader functionality, stronger security and operational performance, and much deeper experience helping enterprises modernize their infrastructure bodess well for the AWS business moving forward. We're also seeing momentum in a number of our other areas across Amazon. I'll mention just a few. We're excited about our progress with Alexa Plus, our next generation assistant powered by generative AI. We've been rolling out early access to US customers to start. millions of customers have accessed. Now, we're seeing very positive feedback and we'll continue to iterate on the experience. We've recently completed our third successful launch of Project Kyper. We haven't launched this service commercially yet, but already have an impressive amount of enterprise and government customers who have signed agreements to use Kyper in Prime Video Live Sports. Our first season of NASCAR drew about 2 million viewers per race and the youngest audience among NASCAR broadcasters in more than a decade. We've recently announced our stellar broadcasting crew for our upcoming first NBA season, including Ian Eagle, Stan Van Gundy, Kevin Harland, Dwayne Wade, Taylor Brooks, Blake Griffin, Durk Nitzky, Steve Nash, and Candace Parker. We also announced Den Vilno, an Academy Award nominee, as the director for the next James Bond film. James Bond is in the hands of one of today's greatest filmmakers, and we cannot wait to get started on 007's next adventure. Finally, we continue to be very pleased with the growth and resonance of Amazon Pharmacy as it's grown 50% year-over-year year to date on an already significant size base. A lot of good things happening across the company. With that, I'll turn it over to Brian for a financial update. Thanks, Andy. Let's start with our topline financial results. Worldwide revenue was $167.7 billion, a 12% increase year-over-year, excluding the impact of foreign exchange. Foreign exchange had a $ 1.5 billion favorable impact to revenue in the quarter as foreign currencies generally strengthened versus the US dollar. As a reminder, our Q2 revenue guidance had anticipated an unfavorable impact of approximately 10 basis points or hund00 million. Worldwide operating income was $19.2 billion, which was $1.7 billion above the high end of our guidance range. Across our segments, we continue to prioritize cost-effective innovation that delivers value for our customers. New North America segment second quarter revenue was $und.1 billion, an increase of 11% year-over-year. International segment revenue was 36.8 billion, an increase of 11% year-over-year, excluding the impact of foreign exchange. Worldwide paid units grew 12% year-over-year. We remained focused on inputs that matter most to our customers. In the second quarter, we saw broad-based strength across our key performance metrics. This includes sharp pricing and more ins stockck availability as well as record delivery speeds for prime members. Our millions of global sellers continue to be an important contributor to our vast selection. This helps customers find the items they need and does so at a competitive price. Our investment in tools, services, and fast delivery speeds help our selling partners reach more customers and further scale their businesses. In Q2, worldwide thirdparty seller unit mix was 62%, the highest ever, up on 100 basis points from Q2 of last year. We're also closely monitoring the macroeconomic environment, including the impact of tariffs. As Andy mentioned, our Q2 plan factored in a range of assumptions, not all of which materialized. We will continue to consider a range of assumptions going forward. Shifting to profitability, North America's segment operating income was $7.5 billion, an increase of $2.5 billion year. North America operating margin was 7.5%, up 190 basis points year-over-year. International segment operating income was 1.5 billion, up $1.2 billion year-over-year. International operating margin was 4.1% up 320 basis points year-over-year. We're pleased with the strong execution of our operations teams and the positive experience they delivered for customers. In Q2, we saw productivity gains in our transportation network driven by improved inventory placement, strong leverage on high unit volumes, and higher levels of in- demand inventory from both first party and thirdparty selling partners. These factors contributed to faster delivery speeds and lower costs. Outbound shipping costs were up 6% year-over-year and continue to grow at a meaningfully slower pace than unit growth, which as I mentioned earlier was up 12% year-over-year. We're committed to initiatives that further improve our cost structure. Strategic inventory placement drives multiple benefits, including better instock availability, shorter delivery routes, and faster customer delivery times. When we optimize inventory location, we can consolidate more items for package, reducing packaging materials and costs. To achieve this, we will continue to improve upon our inbound network, expand our US same day delivery facilities, including in rural communities, and implement robotics and automation across our facilities. While year-over-year improvements in operating margin may fluctuate, we have a purposeful strategy to achieve sustained progress over time. Shifting to advertising, advertising revenue grew 22% year-over-year, driven by sponsored products as we saw strong traffic in our stores. Advertising remains an important contributor to profitability in the North American international segments. Our fullfunnel advertising approach of connecting brands with customers is resonating. Moving next to our AWS segment, revenue is $30.9 billion, an increase of 17.5% year-over-year. AWS now has an annualized revenue run rate of more than $123 billion. During the second quarter, we continue to see growth in both our generative AI and non-generative AI businesses as companies turn their attention to newer initiatives, bring more workloads to the cloud, restart or accelerate existing migrations from on premise to the cloud, and tap into the power of generative AI. AWS operating income was 10.2 billion. We did see AWS segment margins decline from a record high of 39.5% in Q1 to 32.9% in Q2. The largest quarter over-arter driver of the decrease or about half is due to the seasonal step up in stock-based compensation expense driven by the timing of our annual compensation cycle. AWS margins also saw headwinds from higher depreciation expense as well as unfavorable impacts from year-over-year fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. The depreciation expense is a result of our growing investments in capital expenditures in AWS. As we've said in the past, we expect AWS operating margins to fluctuate over time, driven in part by the level of investments we are making at any point in time. We will continue to invest more capital in chips, data centers, and power to pursue this unusually large opportunity that we have in generative AI. Now, turning to our cash capex, which was 31.4 billion in Q2, we expect Q2 capex to be reasonably representative our quarterly capital investment rate for the back half of this year. AWS continues to be the primary driver as we invest to support demand for our AI services and increasingly in custom silicon like tranium as well as tech infrastructure to support our North America and international segments. Additionally, we continue to invest in our fulfillment and transportation network to support growth of the business, improve delivery speeds, and lower our cost to serve by investing in same day delivery facilities as well as robotics and automation. Collectively, these investments will support growth for many years to come. Moving on to our third quarter financial guidance. As a reminder, our guidance considers a range of possibilities which take into consideration Q2 results, trends we see quarterto, and expectations around the macroeconomic environment, including tariffs. Q3 net sales are expected to be between $174 billion and $179.5 billion. We estimate the year-over-year impact of changes in foreign exchange rates based on current rates, which we expect to be a favorable impact of approximately 130 basis points. As a reminder, global currencies can fluctuate during the quarter. Q3 operating income is expected to be between 15.5 billion and 20.5 billion. In this dynamic environment, we'll focus on what matters most, delivering exceptional customer value through broad selection, competitive prices, and unmatched convenience. We remain focused on driving a better customer experience and believe putting customers first is the only reliable way to create lasting value for our shareholders. With that, let's move on to your questions. >> Thank you. At this time, we will now open the call up for questions. We ask each caller to please limit yourself to one question. If you would like to ask a question, please press star one on your keypad. We ask that when you pose your question, you pick up your headsets to provide optimum sound quality. Once again, to initiate a question, please press star then one on your touchtone telephone at this time. Please hold while we pull for questions. Thank you. Our first question comes from Doug Anmouth with JP Morgan. Please proceed with your question. >> Thanks so much for taking the questions. Um I have to first can you just help us understand with some more granularity how tariffs are being absorbed across suppliers Amazon and consumers and whether you anticipate any change going forward. And then um second on AWS we're seeing significantly faster cloud growth among the number two and three players in the space. I totally appreciate that AWS is coming off of a bigger base, but beyond that, do you think the output gap is due more to customer demand or infrastructure supply or both? Thanks. >> Yeah, I I'll take both those. Uh I'll start with the tariffs. Um you know, I think what we've said a number of times and uh and we still believe it is we we just don't know what's going to happen moving forward. Um it's it's hard to know where the tariffs are going to settle, particularly in China. Uh it's hard to know what will happen when we deplete, you know, the some of the pre-byss that we did on our own firstparty retail and then some of the um forward deploying that we saw of our thirdparty selling partners. And when um you know, if costs go up over time, it's you know, we're unsure at this point who's going to end up absorbing those higher costs. What we can tell you is what we've seen so far in the first half of the year and in the first half we just haven't seen diminished demand and we haven't seen any kind of broadcale ASP increases and you know so that that could change in the second half there are a lot of things that we don't know but that's what we've seen so far on the question on AWS you know the first thing I'd say is um you know it's uh as you said Doug in your question uh you know you year-over-year percentages and growth rates are always a function of the base in which you operate and uh we have a you know a meaningfully larger business in the uh AWS segment than others. I think the second player is about 65% of the size of of a AWS and you know we um uh you know when we look at the results over the last number of quarters there's sometimes where we're where you know as far as we can tell we're growing faster than others and sometimes others are growing faster than us but um it's still like if you if you look at second place player you're talking about it's a pretty it's still a pretty significant segment um you know market segment leadership position that we have and regardless these are all really just moments in time. You know the last week is a moment in time too where you know the reality of what really matters is what customers experiences are in operating on these platforms and if if you look at what matters to customers what they care they care a lot about what the operational performance is you know what the availability is what the durability is what the latency and throughput is of the various services and I think we have a pretty significant advantage in that area uh they care a lot about security if you of data that matters and for most companies um they're putting data that they really care about in the cloud. The security and the privacy of that data matters a lot and there are very different results in security in AWS than you'll see in other players. And yeah, you could just you just look at what's happened the last um couple months. You can just see kind of adventures at some of these players almost every month. And so very big difference I think in security and then I I think a really significant difference in functionality where not just in the core infrastructure do we have a lot more functionality in our services but I think if you look at our endto-end offering in AWS in in AI it's you know from the bottom of the stack all the way to the top it's pretty different and so you know I feel good about the um the the inputs and the services that we're offering to customers um across AI as well as nonAI and you know we could we we have more demand than we have capacity right now so we could be doing um more revenue and helping customers more and we're working very hard on on changing that outcome uh and how much capacity we have but it's still like you know you look at the business it's a $123 billion annual revenue run rate business and it's still early I mean how often do you do you have an opportunity that's $123 billion of annual revenue run rate where you say it's still early. It's it's a very unusual opportunity that we're very bullish about. >> Thank you. Our next question comes from Mark Mahaney with Evercore. Please proceed with your question. >> Okay. Um I'll stick with AWS to start it with. um uh could you just disclose the backlog number and then in the past I know you've talked about these supply constraints and you know hoping that they will sort of resolve themselves by the back half the year is that you still your intention anything that suggests that the supply constraints are going to get resolved earlier or later and then a long-term question on Alexa plus and uh you know I've been experimenting with it for a while just Andy when you think about the potential that that has in terms of increasing engagement um you know u maybe tapping into some services revenue advert izing maybe a little bit more retail sales per household just you're just reducing friction. Just talk about what what uh how from a financial perspective how you think that could play out, how we would maybe see that in numbers. Thank you very much. >> Hey uh Mark, this is Dave. I'll just start off to give you the backlog figures. So at uh at the end of the quarter at June 30, that was uh $195 billion. So that's up about 25% year-over-year. uh on the um supply constraints as it relates to uh AWS and what we see there. Um you know as I mentioned we have more demand than we have uh capacity at this point and um I think that and and you see you know some of the constraints they kind of exist in multiple places. The single biggest constraint is power. Uh but I you know you also see constraints off and on with chips and then some of the components that you know once you have the chips to actually make the servers um you know uh you there are you know sometimes you have new generations of chips that are a little bit later than they're supposed to be and sometimes you get the chips and you know the yield you get in making servers isn't what you um what you expect when you get to ramp. So there are a bunch of those pieces today that we're working on. It's really true across the industry today. Um I I don't believe that um we will have fully resolved the amount of capacity we need for the amount of demand that we have um in a couple quarters. I think it will take several quarters. Um but I do expect that it's going to get better each quarter and I'm I'm optimistic about that. I think on the Alexa question, uh, you know, I I think what I'd start by saying, uh, the Alexa Plus experience is so much better than I think our prior Alexa experience. She's much more intelligent than her prior self. She's much more capable. And I would say unlike um the the other chat bots that are out there today who are good at answering questions but really can't take any action for you, Alexa plus can take a lot of action for you which is very compelling. So I can ask Alexa to play music for me or play video for me to move my music from one device to another. Or if I'm listening to a a song that's on a um that's in a movie, I can ask Alexa Plus to actually put that movie scene on that of a song I'm playing and it'll put it on my um Prime Video on Fire TV. Or if I have guests coming over, I can say, you know, Alexa, um uh draw the curtains, uh put the light on the porch and the driveway, increase the temperature by five degrees, and put on music. that would be great for a dinner party and and she does all that just through using um natural language. So, she can take a lot of actions and it's compelling and what we see so far, you know, we've we've been rolling out uh Alexa plus um starting in the US. It's it's with millions of customers now um the rest come the rest in the US coming in the next couple months and and starting the international roll out more broadly later in the year. And um customers really like the experience. It they you know they recognize how much better it is than what it was before. The ratings are very high. The usage is is much more expansive than what they were using before. The number of calls they're making is is meaningfully higher. And I I think there are a number of different areas where we'll see benefit. I I think first um you know if you if you build the world's best personal assistant um that has a lot of utility for customers and therefore it gets used a lot. So it means everything from um uh people are excited about the devices that they can buy from us that has Alexa plus enabled in it. Uh people um do a lot of shopping uh and it's it's really it's a delightful shopping experience that will keep getting better. Uh I think over time there will be opportunities um you know as as people are engaging in more multi-ter turn conversations to have um advertising play a role to help people find discovery and and also as a uh as a lever to drive revenue. And I think over time you could also imagine as we keep adding functionality that there could be some sort of subscription element beyond what there is today. Today, Prime members get Alexa Plus for free and non-P Prime members pay $19.99 a month for for Alexa Plus. So, I think it's very it's still very early days, but we're very encouraged by the experience we're providing and you can bet we're going to be iterating on it constantly. >> Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Colin Sebastian with Baird. Please proceed with your question. Thanks uh for taking the questions. Um I guess first off with respect to the international segment um and the progress in both revenues and margins. Was hoping you could add maybe some color on the drivers of each of those and the sustainability of the improved efficiency in those markets. And then Andy, you mentioned Kyper. Um we haven't heard as much about that of late. So maybe if you could review where things stand relative to to next year's launch target, timing of the service roll out and maybe any perspective you have on the longer term ambitions for the satellite network. Thank you. >> Thanks Colin. Uh this is Brian. I'll start with the international segment question. So yeah, very strong quarter for uh international segment both on revenue uh growth and also on operating margin. operating margin was uh up 320 basis points year-over-year uh to 4.1%. And if you look uh that's the continuation of a strong progression we've seen quarter by quarter over the last uh 10 quarters uh in total uh we've seen a increase of close to 700 basis points during that time period. So really uh it's a tale of you know two pieces uh of you know two uh segments or excuse me sections within international one is the um the established countries like UK, Germany and Japan already at similar margin profiles to the US. So we'll you know as they continue to grow uh their contribution and profit will grow over time and that's what we're seeing. uh in the quarter we saw uh strong productivity in our transportation network in those countries uh much like we saw in the US and that's led to higher units for package and faster delivery speeds at lower cost. So again the theme of lower cost to serve and also increased speed and um you know better selection for customers continues uh to grow in internationally as well in our emerging countries. You know we're pleased with the progress we're making there. We've launched eight countries of course in the last five years and they're all varying degrees of upfront investment and you know different point times in their journey to profitability but they're all making uh very nice improvements quarter over quarter in growing selection adding prime members and expanding our customer offerings. So uh I think what you're seeing again is sustained improvement in those areas feel very good about it. uh the established countries are continuing to uh grow and develop and very much look like the United States and the emerging countries again are all very uh different stages of growth right now. on the project Kyper question. Um, so project Kyper is our low earth orbit satellite constellation that we're putting up and launching and uh you know there's 400 to 500 million households worldwide who don't have broadband connectivity and it means they can't do a lot of the things we take for granted like um education online or business online or shopping or or entertainment. there is really a digital divide um and it's much needed and it's also true for enterprises and for governments that they have assets or needs to have visibility or connectivity that they can't get today given the lack of broadband in a bunch of places around the world. So there's there's a high need. I would say that um as we get our constellation into space, there will really be two players that have what I would consider the modern technology and low earth orbit satellite. You know, one is is um the uh incumbent in in the market today and the second will be project Kyper. I think that we will have um a pretty meaningful um uh differentiation here in performance. If you look at the performance of what I expect on the uplink and down link, I think project Kyper will be advantaged. I also think the pricing is going to be very compelling for customers. And then I think if you think about the three key customer segments who want um low earth orbit satellite, consumers, enterprises and governments. We have very strong relationships with all three customer segments given our consumer businesses and our AWS business. And I think if you um if you think about enterprises and governments, a lot of what they want to do when they take the data down from space is they actually want to put it into a cloud to do analysis, analytics and and uh AI and and various operations on top of it. And the fact that project Kyper and AWS are so seamlessly connected is very attractive to enterprises and to governments. And I'm kind of amazed we h we haven't launched um uh project Kyper yet, but the number of enterprise and government um agreements that have been signed already to use project Kyper is impressive. So we're working very hard to get the satellites into space. Um we have some delays with some of the rocket um providers, but we we have most of the available rocket launches over the next couple years. And we're very hopeful to get this service into commercial um uh into commercial beta later this year, early next year. >> Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Brian Novak with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question. >> Thanks for taking my questions. Um Andy, I have I have two for you on AWS. They're they're a little tough, but I'm I'm going to throw them at you. So there is a Wall Street Finance person narrative right now that AWS is falling behind um in Genai uh with concerns about care loss to peers etc. Can you just sort of address that? What is your rebuttal to that and talk to us about your and the team's most important focal point just to ensure that AWS stays on the knight's edge of innovation versus hyperscaler peers. Then secondly, I know AWS is a big business, but is there any reason to assume it shouldn't accelerate in the back half and into 26 given the size of the opportunity and all of the Genai capabilities going to sort of come to us in the next next 12 months. >> Yeah. So, uh on the on the first one around AI, um the first thing I would say is that I think it is so early right now in AI. If if you look at um what's really happening in the space, you have um it's it's very topheavy. So uh you have a a small number of very large frontier models that are being trained that's that spend a lot on um computing. Uh a couple of which are being trained on top of AWS and others are are being trained elsewhere. And then you also have I would say a relatively small number of uh very largecale generative AI applications. You know um you know the one category would be chat bots with the largest by a fair bit being chat GPT. Um but the other category being really um I'll call coding agents. And so these are companies like Perser Verscell and Lovable and some other companies like that. again several of which um run significant chunks on top of AWS and then you've got a very large number of uh generative AI applications that are in pilot mode that are in pilots or that are um being developed as we speak uh and a very substantial number of agents that also people are starting to try to build and and figure out how to get into production in a broad way but but they're all they're quite early and many of them that are out there are you Well, they're significant, but they're just smaller in terms of usage. Um, relative to some of those topheavy applications I mentioned earlier, we have a a very significant number of enterprises and startups who are running applications on top of AWS's AI services and and then, you know, but but they're all again like the the amount of usage and the expansiveness of the use cases and how much people are putting them into production and the number of agents that are going to exist. it's still just earlier stage than it's going to be. And so then when you think about what's going to matter in AI, what's going to what what are customers going to care about when they're thinking about what what infrastructure to use, I think you kind of have to look at the different layers of the stack. And you know, I think for those that are, you know, both building models, but also just um if you look at where the real costs are, they're going to ultimately be an inference. today. So much of the costs in training because um customers are really training their models and trying to figure out to get applications into production. But in at scale, you know, 80 to 90% of the cost will be an inference because you only train periodically, but you're spitting out predictions and inferences all the time. And so what they're going to care a lot about is they're going to care about the compute and the hardware they're using. And you know, we have uh a very deep partnership with Nvidia and and will for as long as I can foresee. But we we we saw this movie in the CPU space with Intel where customers are hankering for better price performance. And so, you know, we built just like in in the CPU space where we built our own custom silicon in building Graviton, which is about 40% more price performance than the other leading x86 uh processors. We've done the same thing on the custom silicon side and AI with tranium and our second version of trannium 2 has really you know it's it's become the backbone of anthropics um you know next cloud models they're trading on top of and it's become the the backbone of of bedrock and the inference that we do. So I think a lot of the inference you know it's about 30 to 40% better price performance than the other GPU providers out there right now and we're already working on our third version of tradeium as well. So I think a lot of the you know compute and the inference is going to ultimately be run on top of um tranium 2 and I think that that price performance is going to matter to people as they get to scale you know then I would say that um uh that middle layer of the stack are really it's it's a combination of services that customers care about to be able to build models and then to be able to leverage existing leading frontier models and then build um you know high quality generate AI applications that do inference at scale. And you know, we see it for people building models. Um they continue to use Sage Maker AI very expansively. And then Bedrock when you're leveraging uh leading frontier models is also growing very substantially. And you know, as I said in my opening comments, the the number of agents at scale is still really small on the scheme of what's going to be the case. But part of the problem is it's actually hard to actually build agents and it's uh it's hard to deploy these agents in a secure and scalable way. And so I think the launches we made recently in strands that make it much easier to build agents and then agent core that make it much easier to deploy at scale and in a secure way are being very wellreceived and customers are excited. It's going to change what's possible the agent side. Yeah. And and then I think that um it's uh you've got a very large number. I mean remember 85 to 90% of the global IT spend is still on premises. If you believe that equation is going to flip which I do and we do um you have a lot of legacy infrastructure that you've got to move. These are mainframes. These are VMware's uh um uh instances. And you know when we build agents like AWS transform that make it much easier to to move uh mainframes to the cloud much easier to move VMware to the cloud much easier to move Windows to .NET Linux to save money. Like those are compelling for enterprises or things like Curo that allow customers to develop in a in a much easier way and in a much more structured way which is why I think people are excited about. So I think I really like the inputs and the set of services that we're building in the in the AI space today. Customers really like them and it's resonating with them. I still think it's very early days um in AI and in terms of adoption. But I the other thing I would just say is that uh remember because we're at a stage right now where so much of the activity is is training and figuring out how to get your generative AI applications into production. people aren't paying as close attention as they will in making sure that those generative AI applications are operating where the rest of their data and infrastructure is. Remember a lot of generative AI inference is just going to be another building block like compute storage and database and so people are going to actually want to run those applications close to where their other applications are running where their data is. there's just so many more applications and data running in AWS than anywhere else that I I'm very optimistic about as we get to a bigger scale what's going to happen for AWS on the AI side and I think we have a set of services that is unique top to bottom in the stack um I think on the last part about um uh what do we expect with respect to acceleration you know we don't we don't give guidance by segments so I'm not going to try and give you guidance But I I do um I do believe that the combination of um more enterprises who have resumed their march to modernize their infrastructure and move from on premises to the cloud coupled with um the fact that AI is going to accelerate in terms of um more companies deploying more AI applications into production that start to scale. coupled with the fact that I do think that more capacity is going to come online in the in the coming months and quarters make me optimistic about the AWS business. >> Thank you. And the next question comes from the line of Ron Josie with City. Please proceed with your question. >> Great. Thanks. Thanks for that Andy. That was really helpful. May maybe taking that same question but the focusing internally on on Amazon, you know, I think you penned an article or or a blog post back in June just talking talking about the ability or potential with Genai agents and improving efficiencies and speed to market internally. So would love to hear your thoughts as as you think about how Amazon is adopting generative AI internally, how perhaps um you've seen improving speed to market as a result of of everything you've just talked about. Thank you. >> Yeah, I I I think that um AI is is the biggest technology transformation of our lifetime which is saying a lot because you know even in in some of our relatively short lifetimes we've we've been through um you know the cloud and mobile and the internet itself but I I think it's going to be the biggest transformation technically in our lifetime and I think it's going to not change not only change every customer experience that we know and enable customer experiences we really only dreamed about before. But it's also going to change very substantially the way we work. And if you think about it, um, you know, the way that we do coding, the way that we do analytics, the way that we do research, um, the way that, um, uh, we do finance, you know, and and measure fin, I mean, really, uh, the way we do business process automation, you know, the way we do customer service, every single area that I can think of in the way we work is likely going to be impacted in some meaningful way by AI. And I think when you have a big shift like that, you have two macro choices. You could you can either decide that you're going to embrace it and you're going to and you're going to help shape it and uh you're you're going to figure out how to build the right tools to allow you to take advantage of the technology or you can wish it away and have it shape you. And you know the um uh the posting that you're referencing uh Ron that I that I made was just really being clear with the team that we're going to pursue that former approach that we are going to embrace it. We're going to try and shape it. And so we have um you know we have a number of of of tools and agents that we've built already inside the company. You know, these are things like if you think about Curo and and the opportunity um to have coding agents do a lot of of of the coding, that's that's very compelling. Um it's going to allow our our teammates to be able to start from a more advanced starting spot and to be able to uh invent for customers much more quickly and much more expansively. If you think about services like connect, which is our AWS service that does um call center software that has a lot of AI built into it that changes the productivity of all your um customer service agents. And you can just imagine across the board um the types of things we're going to do to make it easier to get software out, to build high quality software, to to do operations and QA, to automate um a lot of the business process coordination that happens inside the C. We're going to we're going to work on a whole bunch of those areas to allow ourselves primarily to be able to invent for customers much more quickly and expansively, but also I think it's going to make all of our teammates um jobs much more enjoyable because they won't have to do as many of the wrote parts of the job that we all do right now. And they're going to be able to own more pieces of what they're trying to solve for customers. And and we want deep owners that want to end own as much end to end as possible. Thank you. And our final question will come from the line of Justin Post with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question. >> Great. Thanks. I'll just ask on the revenue guidance. It looks pretty robust growth in the third quarter. I know you you won't say whether AWS is expected to accelerate, but could you talk about uh some of the drivers and and what kind of tariff and other contingencies you've put in there and and then maybe any any thoughts on how you're thinking about how the Q4 is shaping up? Thank you. >> Yeah. Hi Justin. Uh this is Brian. I'll take this one. Um yeah, we've got it to 174 billion to 175 billion. Um and we Excuse me. 179.5 billion a typo. uh we uh feel good about the growth rate uh in Q2 that we had and the acceleration in a number of areas um including units and you know we had a very successful prime day earlier this month. So uh you know there are is uncertainty on where tariffs will settle and maybe the ultimate impact on consumers as Andy mentioned earlier but you know we feel really good about the key inputs we uh control price selection and convenience. Uh we've talked about delivery speeds increasing we've talked about selection increasing uh high in stock levels um well dispersed inventory close to customers. So we think that all works in our favor. So I would say we're cautiously optimistic. I'm not going to um uh give any guidance for Q4 at this time. We'll talk about that next time. >> Thanks for joining us on the call today and for your questions. A replay will be available on our investor relations website for at least three months. We appreciate your interest in Amazon and we look forward to speaking with you again with you. >> All right, that was an amazing earnings call. Um, probably one of the best I've seen in uh I've listened to in a in a long long time. H just kidding. That was boring. I mean, that was boring, but that's then again typical typical Amazon. Um, I do want to say that last the the second and last question was pretty good or um at least the question itself. I don't know about the answer where the analyst was like the wall Wall Street is kind of saying you guys are slowing down in AI. Um what do you have to say about that? Yeah, but the answer was again 30 minutes long. So I forgot what what was actually like the there were two good questions but then the answers were like like hello this is an investor uh earnings call not an investor day. Um, but yeah, Amazon, let me just pull up what it's doing right now. Down to 217 uh dollars, which means it's down uh 7.3%. 7.3% uh down right now. Uh which means we are back to prices not seen since last month. last month. Um, yeah, it wasn't uh wasn't the most exciting call. Uh, but yeah, we're now at the 50-day moving average. It seems the 200 day sits at 205. Would be very interesting to see if we can actually get there. Um, I could see quite a lot of people wanting to buy to buy at these prices. Look, Amazon, um, it's not the first nor the last time where you're going. First of all, the quarter was fine, right? I I think AWS met expectations but didn't like blow it out of the water, which is what they wanted to uh what the market wanted to see. >> Comments on AWS, they didn't want to give like a future growth. um numbers and I just wanted to know they didn't give them >> they just said all right the market is huge we're still in early innings we don't really need to invest too much right now um because what's really going to be a driving force is AI agents right now it seems like it's more kind of like that training compute and it's like we don't really need to necessarily go for that as the real market is going to be that inference space and that's one that might be expected later so that's where we're investing now we didn't have to invest in in in the past. Um, wonder if that's an excuse or a truth, right? That's a whole different different uh topic of discussion, but it does make sense on a really top level overview, right? Yeah. Plus, black backlog, they did say that backlog was up 25% um year-over-year to 190 what is 195 billion. So, um that's good. I think the last number we got, what did I show you was uh let's see. uh 189. So that's up by 6 billion for quarter over quarter. Okay. Um Oh, which actually is not is not that bad cuz AWS quarter over quarter did only grow 800 million. >> Um >> what else did we we we heard? I mean they they are constraint on compute but that's something we keep hearing from all the other players. One thing that I'm going to have to relisten to Neil is they talked a little bit of kind of like something didn't meet their yield expectations on on kind of server making. Were they talking about their tranium chip? If so maybe that could be seen as a little uh maybe bearish flag for Marll. Um but at the same time they in another question I think they mentioned that they're going to continue to invest on their own AS6 solution. So, um, that's what's the sucky part about these live calls is I'm I'm definitely going to want to read the transcript a lot again or listen to the call again and see if those things are happening because I I want to hear the they they talk something about yields and AI servers and kind of uh their ASIC supply uh and ASIC demand as well. >> For those that are wondering, uh this is basically what AWS growth looks like. Um is this the most updated one? So it is growing. Um I actually see that we are seeing a small acceleration. It seems 17.5% based on the numbers here on uh on fiscal.ai. But I guess again I guess analyst in the market wanted to see maybe more optimism about definitely shortterm growth because because they did mention look we've seen Microsoft we've seen Google and now we're seeing your numbers. What are you seeing? But Amazon has always been the player that looks at the long-term game. They're not a company that looks at next quarter or or even the next couple of quarters. They look at the next couple of years and decades ahead. Which is why um you have seen this basically um me pull up all of these things right here. Uh let's >> um >> Neil, do you think this earnings drop is an overreaction or do you think it's um maybe the market was just expecting a little bit too much? What are you thinking about this uh five 5% dip on on Amazon? >> You mean seven >> 7% dip on Amazon? Um, I think it's it's high expectations plus comparisons to Microsoft and Google. But then you would think that Google would be up right now, but they're not. Microsoft is up a percent. Google Google is Google is not Google is not up. So, it's it's a bit of uh it's a bit of both. Again, like I said, Amazon was up 45 49% or so since the April lows. Have been going up quite a lot more recently. And so I mean it is still uh my my number one position in the core portfolio. Meta of course if Meta continues like this and Amazon uh drops a little bit more, Meta is the number one. But it's an amazing company. I mean, it's it's if we're talking about competitive advantages, you you you look at Amazon and you see that and you see that. Um, so yeah, maybe people are selling Amazon to buy Figma because apparently Figma is up 25% after hours. >> No freaking way. >> So I I guess that's the play. That's the play. Buy memes, sell Amazon, and sell Google also. Google. Yeah. Um, no, but yeah, I mean, did you hear anything specific on the call that said, "Oh, actually not that bad." Or, uh, should have should have said something else. >> No, like I mentioned, I mean, for me, I I I really like they they talk about capital expenditure. They did about 20some in quarter 1 and here they did about 32. They mentioned um 30 some I forget what the actual number it was closer to 31 32 and they mentioned that that rate is that value is expected to at least continue for this year. Uh so if you do 30 30 that's 90 plus 20 you're you're you're somewhere around 115 120 um in um capital expenditure for this year which was a a bit higher uh compared to uh what them what they gave us last quarter. I think last quarter was closer to 105 I if I remember the number correctly. Um so and yeah as a as a semiconductor investor that's really what I like to hear. Um and then like I mentioned earlier I would love to hear a little bit more on or reread some of their AI server yields that they were discussing. Um, outside of that, nothing and would love to hear that question of why a about the market seeing AWS as a as a weaker play right now in the cloud space. And I would just want to redigest the information that uh the CEO said because it was a lot like you mentioned a lot of these answers kind of went off um a longer tantrum. Typically um what we see with Jensen does the same thing. So, it's like it's one of those answers you're going to have to reread a few times to really understand what management was discussing. >> Yeah. I'm trying to see if if someone wrote something on X um from that from that quote. Uh let's see if if I'm seeing something. I mean, if if Google did this type of earnings call, I think the stock would have been down 10% if not more. Oh yes, for sure. 100%. Google dropped this Google's uh PE of 10 or something. >> Uh let's see if someone wrote a quote. I don't think so. Um actually maybe I can show this already. Just the margins they they explained it right. It's they said it's SBC expense for the quarter. Um that's the reason why we have seen let's see I have here AWS uh quarterly yeah so you see the drop here AWS operating margin 32.9% down from the 39.5 so if I remember correctly they said it's uh SBC impacting it for uh for the quarter Um but yeah did you what was the second reason so uh are influenced by investment cycle so we expect AWS operating margins to fluctuate over time driven in part by the level of investment we're making at any point in plan in time uh plan to bring on an increasing amount of capacity in the back half of uh the year this is something they mentioned actually in Q1 one. So, yeah. Sorry, I was reading this comment. Roberto Jose, if you want to sell, we can. I feel bad about calling you a weak-handed trader earlier. We can buy more Google and Amazon. No, now you got me. I I I felt like we need to stick to it now. >> Yeah. No, no, no. We We need to stick I mean, I I I read a little bit of the transcript for Applied and it's it's quite bullish, actually. they were they were quite uh bullish on uh on the future. I mean imagine imagine starting next at the end of this year starting next year they they will start generating even more and more uh revenue. Um they are in talks with more companies as well. So $733 million in revenue just from core wave per year is is quite big is uh is quite big. Yeah, I do wonder if Yeah, maybe that's going to be for the next 5 10 minutes or so, but I think we'll leave it for another time. Um depreciation FX rate as well. Yeah, depreciation probably as well. Um FX rates. Okay. So, I guess it's a mix. SBC, depreciation, FX rates, and whatever. But yeah, the answers were were way too long. Way way too long. Um, >> I'm sorry, Neil. I think you need a two too long. Don't watch, don't listen, don't read. >> No, I mean, there was like there was this one question and the guy was going on for 10 minutes. I'm like, I didn't ask you about Alexa's preferred vegetables. Like, what what the heck was that? Um, but okay. I mean, it's it's Amazon. It's not like we're we're talking about a shitco here that uh will disappear tomorrow. They probably know what they're doing. Um, backlog did grow 25%. So, I guess that's the growth rate that we should expecting for we should be expecting for Amazon. closer to 25% instead of the 17 17.5. >> One thing I'm gonna want to try to do and maybe we can both then just share it with each other. Um the backlog with all these big players so like that we can just kind of keep a track on them. Um and I think it'll be good information to always have on top and be able to share. >> Yeah. No, for sure. Uh capex over the last 12 months was 108 billion. >> Noise. Noise. Let me check before we end what Reddit is doing. Last time we check was up 20, still up 16.9%. Um, Coinbase down 7.3 and Loroku. >> What is Apple doing after the call? >> What do you say? up cuz yeah they said something about AI >> up 3.1 >> staying around yeah >> up 3.1 but apparently they didn't want to Timmy didn't want to talk about um LLM and things like that like oh we don't want to reveal our strategy what strategy there is no strategy >> all right Neil I do have to go. I'm going to go have dinner with the little one and the wife. >> I'm also done. >> I'm done for the day. >> So, yeah. I mean, money is flowing into Figma. Money is flowing out of Amazon. That's the only answer, only explanation, I'd say. Uh, Apple's earnings were fire. Yeah. I mean, when the when the bar has been set so low, I guess it's fine. It's it's fine. So, yeah. Um I don't know. We won't be back tomorrow. I might, but maybe not depending on on the mood. Uh but we will be back on Monday. >> Monday. >> Monday is a big day. Tuesday is a very big day. I think Monday is uh Palunteer and Tuesday is AMD. >> Oh, nice. >> So, yeah. >> Very nice. Yeah. next week. Next week is a is a nice is a nice busy week as well. It's a nice busy week as well. So, thank you all for joining us in this lovely lovely live stream. We'll see each other either tomorrow or well, actually, you will see us probably on our own channel every single day, so you won't miss us that much. But yeah, live streams