What if I told you there's an AI stock that has the growth opportunities in robo taxi, smart cars, autonomous vehicles, is partnered with companies like Volkswagen, Uber, Lyft, more importantly does not design cars, but designs the brain that drives the AI and just announced preliminary guidance that destroyed analyst expectations. Actually, let me do one better. In the past 5 years, unfortunately, the stock is down about 56%, but it's now sitting at a market cap of $15 billion. And if things do work out, I can definitely see this being a 10 bagger. In today's episode, I want to take a closer look at obviously all the growth opportunities, but obviously it is important to understand the risk. So, let's take a closer look. In today's episode, I want to thank the Mly for sponsoring this video and check out fool.com/hose for the 10 best stocks to buy now. With that link, you get a promotional offer for their subscription service. Now, let's continue with today's episode. All right, so straight to it. The company we're going to take a closer look at is Mobile Eye. And Mobile Eye is known for producing kind of the semiconductor brain for handling various versions of autonomous driving. Uh here we can see they actually do a really great job of breaking them down into four markets. First is ADAS or and this is just kind of just smart systems to use in your vehicles. for example, driver driver assist features uh things like helping parking uh to make sure if you're too close or too far from a vehicle. Then there's supervision which is hands off eyes on and here throughout this presentation we will be able to see this company kind of tell us about their overall products and what generation they have and when they expect the next generation. So here we can see the SV62 or supervision 62 ship comes out here in 2026. Then you can see the chauffeur which is eyes off but driver still on. And finally you have their drive which is no driver in the car. And here we can see the Gen 1 driver 64 is expected to come out in 2027. So this is a great breakdown and obviously all these can have growth opportunities, right? Not every vehicle is going to be a robo taxi or a self-driving car. Many believe that they're just going to be some form of smarter vehicles in general and that's where this product hits. Now, if you want maybe a little flexibility in the highway, supervision will work. Chauffeer obviously is amazing uh for ice off and then kind of the robo taxi market. So, it hits a mixture of consumerbased cars and maybe fleetbased cars as well. Now, I want to talk about this pretty cool recent announcement. On April 24th of 2025, Volkswagen and Uber launch a long-term strategic partnership to deploy autonomous ID bus vehicles on the Uber platform. So, this is the R uh Robo Taxi from Volkswagen coming into the United States and it will begin in late 2025 with plans to offer rides on the Uber platform in 2026. Volkswagen, they do talk about it in this press release is using the technology from Mobile Eye. They that is their tech partner. Now, there are a lot of other companies like I mentioned for example Volkswagen Group, Porsche also doesn't. They use the supervision on some of their sports car. The Seeker Group uh has more than 110,000 Seeker electric cars on Chinese roads already running mobile super eye and some of them are preparing purpose-built level four robo taxis for global deployment. Lyft is working with some companies and hoping to bring uh these robo taxis in Dallas in Dallas, Texas by 2026. Deutschban and and Neo uh are are working together and they already have some running level for autonomous shuttles and then certain other Chinese companies are also working. So I kind of wanted to showcase this vast range of customers already using this platform from auton from vehicle companies to robo taxi platforms like Lyft and Uber. Now if you are enjoying the information so far make sure to check out my channel. This is Jose Naharo Stocks. I'm trying to hit 75,000 subs by the end of the year. Check out my free newsletter, whatthechipappen.com. And all the cool charts we're about to see come from an amazing partner at fiscal.ai. Make sure to check out fiscal.ai/ose for 15% off. That's the last ad in this video. Now, the great thing now that we understand the different markets that they have, the company also does a great job of breaking down the cost. Many people think when you add all this technology, you're adding tens and tens and maybe even hundreds of thousands of dollars on the price point. We can see chauffeur, which is level four, uh, and can kind of help let the driver can sleep in these types of platform. It's only an extra 5 to $4,000 added to the vehicle cost itself, right? So, it's not something that's going to completely balloon the the price of these vehicles. And as technology gets better and better, these price points are going to get cheaper and cheaper. And again, certain solutions like front camera cloud enhancements are only an extra $150 if you want to add a few more cameras into your vehicle. Uh it's only about a few 7 to $800. And again, I I think this is a great way to showcase that it's not necessarily the most overpriced solutions out there when you start to add front LAR, surrounding radar, surrounding cameras all over the vehicle. Um and and again we I I kind of want to just showcase some of the consumer products that they are working with Seeker with Polestar. They have Postar as a as a customer as well. Uh Supervision Chauffeur 63 is being used on Audi Bentley's L and some other vehicles out there. So there's a lot and a lot of demo to real products and potential here. Now the other thing is these are the chips that they're working for. Their main chips are known the IQ uh and their newest generation is the IQ6 and each depends on what kind of platform is working like we saw the chauffeur, the drive, the supervision. But regardless, they're showcasing that these chips are meant for vision driving. They're meant to be able to look at the imaging around them and be able to react uh to them. So, they're very very crucial for this kind of market. Now, I kind of want to jump into some charts. And like I mentioned, this is all thanks to fiscal.ai. And first is looking at this company's balance sheet. No long-term debt, which is pretty impressive. Positive free cash flow and total cash and short-term investments continue to grow about $1.5 billion. Remember, we saw this as a company of a market cap of $15 uh billion. So, uh a 10% of their market cap comes here from uh from their cash and short-term investments. Now the next thing I want to talk about is revenue. Now revenue has been hit, right? We can see December 20 of 2023 revenue peaked at 637 and ever since then things have not been at the levels you're going to be like Jose are you showcasing me this loser of a company that is not growing revenue. How can this be a multi-10 bagger? How could this be an AI company of the future? Pretty simple. Right now the car market sucks. When was the last time you thought about maybe not thought when was the last time you actually bought a new vehicle? Uh due to high interest rates, due to the overall cost of living right now, vehicles have been pretty pretty expensive. Eventually, eventually, no matter the cost, vehicles are going to start to break down and there is going to be various tailwinds opportunities from new vehicles needed uh to eventually maybe rates coming down. Uh also technology improving drastically within the cars that you just need to buy a new car in general. All this is going to create this massive tailwind that could create better growth opportunities. And then like I mentioned, you also have the growth opportunities of robo taxis and all the other models. And more importantly, let me even go a little bit deeper. In theory, you can have cars just are getting smarter and smarter. So in theory, you can still have the same amount of vehicles in the road right now, but more cars get implemented with more chips. can even be a massive tailwind here for mobile eye because this type of technology is not found in every vehicle just yet. Now I I am going to share my thoughts in in a bit. Um actually let me share my thoughts now. Um and and then I want to talk a little bit about some of the other things happening with uh mobile eye and some of the recent news. My thoughts buying at these levels are where the risk and reward are the highest, right? The more you see any market evolves, the lower your risk gets, but also the lower the reward potential becomes. Now, because it is at this risk level, would I ever make something like mobile eye a 10% position? I would say no. 10% is way past my kind of comfort level for a growth story. A 5% now we're talking anything between maybe 3 to 5%. Could this be a multibagger, especially a 10bagger? Could we see a $15 billion to 10 $150 billion? I think so. Can it also be a flop? Yes. And this is where the risk-to-reward comes, right? You're going to be like, Jose, you can't give us a straight answer. No, there is no straight answer. You have to see how things evolve. But on the bright side, you have some strong partners. You have some strong momentum in technology. We keep hearing about the robo taxi market taking over. So you can add that to the bullish case and you can add that to increasing the chance of rewards being right. Right? And this is what happens with investing in technology. You can never have one right answer, but you can help improve your odds. It's all a probability game at the end of the day. Like I mentioned, this is very much dependent on the car market. And sometimes the market and so it's really dependent on how cars sold are being done throughout the years. If there's a slow cycle in the car industry, obviously something like mobile eye can see that pain like we saw that revenue historically in the past few quarters. The other thing is sometimes the market might get excited for technology to evolve in such a short amount of time, but you need patience. And I think this is where Mobile Eye, I don't own shares on this stock just yet, but this is definitely heavy on my watch list, especially especially as we see all these robo taxi news keep coming up. All these great partnerships expected to be uh showcased in real life products by 2026, maybe some by 2027. So, there is time, but this is one that I do believe could be a multibagger. Now, I'm going to go back here to fiscal.ai, and I'm going to use their most recent earnings, which came out on April 24th, uh, about 3 months ago, and I'm going to use the custom summary. And I asked the question, AI, can you read this transcript and give me the most bullish takes that management has, and also the most bearish takes or or what is the market scared of? What is management scared of? So, Mobilehouse management is most excited about the increased adoption of multi- camera setups in mass market vehicles. Like I mentioned, not every vehicle needs to be super super autonomous, but they are just smarter. Furthermore, the company is seeing an inflection point in the value per unit of mass market driving system exemplified by its technology infusion in four blue cruise and upcoming adoption by Korean OEMs. The ecosystem approach to robo taxi development demonstrated by partnerships with Volkswagen, Uber and Lyft also offer substantial a substantial scale benefits and a capital light mode. This sign win activity is risk already reaching 85% of the previous year's total in quarter 1 alone. Now the biggest worry for mobile ice management revolves around the uncertainty in global light vehicle production due to new trade frictions and potential tariffs. The company is vulnerable to any negative impact on global production volumes and consumer spending resulting from these trade issues. So like I mentioned very much dependent in the automotive market and management is very much excited for a lot of these growth opportunities. Now today um on July 8th we did get a few announcements from this company. A lot of announcements actually. The first announcement is Mobile Eye is mainly owned by Intel and Intel is actually deciding to sell $45 million shares of this company. Now Intel is a failing company from what we see right now. So doing the opposite might already just be the only bullish thesis you know. So, um, Intel is selling. They need a lot of cash at the moment. They're doing a lot of other investments in Intel platform. We talk about Intel on this channel plenty of times, but Intel is selling. Now, in connection to this offering, Mobile Eye says, "Look, we can't have 45 million shares of this company outstanding and increasing maybe some of the floats out there. What I want to do is I'm going to buy back some shares." So, they're going to buy back about a hundred million dollars worth of the shares. So, I think that's closer to about uh 5 million of the 45 million based on the around price points that we're sitting right now. Regardless, I do believe it's bullish that Mobile Eye wants to buy back some of its shares. Now, Intel, again, main reason they want to sell is they need the cash. They're doing that manufacturing push. Now, the second news that I thought was pretty impressive and more exciting was the company. Oh, actually there's three announcements. So the second company is they used to have this long the company has this long-standing relationship with STM micro electronics to manufacture its IQ products as part of an effort to establish redundancy and better control of its supply chain. The company has sought additional qualified suppliers and it has recently entered an agreement with TSMC under which it will manufacture components of the company's imaging radar and some of its future generations of IQ products and potentially other future products. So TSMC is the goat when it comes to manufacturing especially advanced chips. I do believe this is also another bullish case that can help them have even better and better products. Now the final thing is preliminary results. The company did give preliminary results of about $54 million in revenue for the most recent quarter uh that they should be reporting in the upcoming uh weeks. So $54 million in revenue. This is analysts were expecting around $466 million. So a huge beat. Things are getting better. And this $56 million in revenue, let me just pull up the slideshow here, um, is going to be one of the best quarters they've had in a while. There's only a few quarters in the past four four years or so that have done better than this. It was only 565 here, 530, and 637, but only those three quarters have performed better than this. Now you can see this mass excitement here and kind of producing these preliminary results are definitely very bullish indications in my opinion. And here the company mentions that the increase in the company's revenue is expected to be primarily due to an increase of IQ system on chip revenue resulting from higher customer demand and the normalization of excessive inventory by company's tier 1 comp customers that was previously used to satisfy demand during the 2024. So, it seems like there is this nice wave going into the automotive space, into the robotic space, and I think IQ, again, I shared my overall thoughts at the beginning uh in the middle of this episode, but this is one that has high potential. It's not a guaranteed, but a high potential, and I wanted to bring it up, especially especially due to all the recent updates we got from this company today alone. So, let me know what are your thoughts. Do you own uh Mobile Eyes? Is this a company you're looking to own? What are some of your bearish thesis? Obviously, this was more of an overview and there's so much more we can discuss and so much more to go even deeper dive within the business. So, take care. Have a good day.