AMD is becoming a very very popular AI stock. And on today's episode, what I want to do is discuss the three biggest lies told to AMD investors. This is a stock I have followed for many years. And this is a stock that is right in the wheelhouse for this overall channel that focuses on semiconductor and AI stocks in general. So, let's take a closer look in today's episode. I want to thank the Mly Fool for sponsoring this video and check out fool.com/hose for the 10 best stocks to buy now. With that link, you get a promotional offer for their subscription service. Now, let's continue with today's episode. All right, so the first the first lie, and this one gets me super super angry. Um, the reason though is I am a AMD bull. AMD is definitely a nice position in my overall portfolio. It is a stock that I've owned for for many many years and I do believe Lisu is an amazing CEO. Now there is a lie that is kind of extremely bullish for AMD and I believe this kind of lie creates mis overhyped expectations and when you have overhyped expectations it leads to kind of expecting too much in forms of stock performance. So the first lie is Meta is exclusively using AMD for inference. The main reason this lie came out is because on AI event of October of 2024, Meta's VP said that the Llama 3 405 billion parameter is exclusively on the MI300. It is very important to understand that there are various models and many more updates since then. The AI market is one that is continuously continuously evolving. So what might happen on October or just three months ago can completely change in a quarter or two. And that's why it's very very important to always stay up to date with a lot of these AI companies. During that same event, the AI event of October of 2024, there were three different times including this uh metap time when met the MI300 platform was announced. it was exclusively used. Now we can see that right now as of April 4th 5th of 2025, so about 2 3 months ago, Llama released a new uh Metal released a new Llama model Llama 4. When this kind of model was announced, AMD GPUs were not mentioned even once in the main report. Nvidia's H100 were mentioned at least three times for discussions of training and inference. Meta has yet to release the behemoth model which obviously is their biggest model here. So there could be a chance for maybe some exclusivity but right now it does show that that exclusivity is completely wrong. So the that is a huge lie that Meta is exclusively using AMD for inference. Now the truth is Meta is using AMD for more workloads than before and this is extremely extremely bullish for the stock. Fast forward to the AI events we had here in June 2025. No company mentioned that they are exclusively using the MI300, MI355 for any form of of workload beia inference or training. But but there is still some good news from Meta. Uh Meta did mention that they are using the MI300 for a lot new workloads. They're using it for llama inferences. They're using it for Meta's AI recommendation, inference, and training, which is very crucial because most of Meta's AI solutions or core solutions are back in the recommendation system, not necessarily in llama. So, while AMD is not exclusively being used by Meta in forms of inference, it is increasing its overall workloads and I think that is extremely extremely bullish. So if you ever hear that Meta is exclusively using AMD for inference, make sure to correct them because that is a huge huge lie for AMD stock investors. Now the second lie that I want to talk about that gets very very much discussed is the stock is expensive. I mean look at the PE ratio. If you look at the trolling 12 months PE ratio, this stock is sitting at 105 at the moment. That seems pretty pretty expensive and makes it seem like this lie is actually the truth. Now, if you are not familiar, this chart is from fiscal.ai, an amazing partner of this channel, the platform that I use on a daily basis. And if you want 15% off right at checkout and two free weeks, uh, make sure to check out fiscal.ai/hose or the link down below for that great promotional offer. But regardless, here we can see that AMD's PE ratio does look pretty pretty expensive. Also, make sure to check out my free newsletter, What the Chip Happened. I do almost daily reports on the semiconductor industry, completely free. Now, the real truth behind this is investing in semis and looking at drawing 12 months PE ratio will be a bad time. This is the truth because semiconductors are typically cyclical due to the nature of consumer demand. I mean, it's important to know that PC sales have been down due to no real need to upgrade your laptop, your tablets, or your PCs since that co boom. Remember just four years ago when everybody was buying a new laptop, a new tablet, a new PC? Well, there hasn't been a real need to upgrade them. But now with tech getting older, that is changing and eventually this should be picking back up, especially with things like AIPC. The second kind of market which many are not familiar is the embedded market which deals with a lot of industrial spaces. Now the embedded market is weak due to overinventory correction in various indust industrial spaces like I mentioned but things are clearing up and this is becoming a tailwind. The other thing is the AI market is still growing. So typically I'm not a huge fan at looking at super super far off into the future. The forward PE ratio is just the end of this fiscal year and this fiscal year ends in about 6 months from now and we can look and see that the AMD forward PE ratio right now is sitting at 35.5 when the median is about 32.8. So I would say that if you're looking at forward PE ratios which I think is more crucial for the semiconductor space then it doesn't seem like AMD is that expensive from its overall normal. Now, it is a little bit up there from its median, but I don't think it's anything that I would be worried about right now. Now, the final final lie that I have here, and maybe my Nvidia bulls are going to hate me for this, and for those that are not familiar, Nvidia is my number one company, and it's my number one position in my overall portfolio with roughly about 30% of my overall portfolio being in Nvidia via both pure stock investing and ETFs that I have chosen that have a lot of exposure into that AI giant. Now the big lie is AMD will not have competitive products against Nvidia. And the main kind of thesis behind this is Nvidia is shipping the B300 or the Blackwell Ultra where AMD right now is just shipping the MI350 355 a competitor of the B200. So we can see that how can you say you have a competitive product when you're shipping almost a year behind our older products, right? Nvidia already had the B200 for at least 2 3/4 already and you're just shipping that competitor right now. AMD also has no Rex scale solution which is very crucial for things like inference at scale and for training. The final thing is AMD has no strength in software and this is one of the biggest thoughts that we hear about the bearish case for AMD. So I would say that is a lie. I think the truth is actually AMD is currently closing the gap. Current AMD products are behind about a year versus its Nvidia equivalent. Like I mentioned, Nvidia uh is shipping the B300 where AMD is shipping the MI350 which is more of a competition to the B200. But but it is important that the MI400 and the Vera Rubin, which is Nvidia's solution, are both expected to be released in late 2026. This is going to be the first time that we're going to see a real head-to-head on competitive products, and I think that is going to showcase where this market is truly heading. the MI400 and the Vera Rubin. We can see here from the images I have below that during AMD's AI event, they talked about their rack scale solution, the AMD Helios rack, which is going to be using AMD's CPU, GPUs, DPUs, and AMD software, and it's going to be available in 2026. We can also see from this other image in my right here that they do compare it to the Vera Rubin. And you can see that this is a true rack scale solution as both are going to be having a GPU domain of 72 GPUs communicating with each other both in different solutions. Nvidia is going to be using the Nvy link while AMD is going to be using the open ultra Ethernet solution. Now, while that is true, I have to bring it back to my Nvidia bulls here that Vera Rubin Ultra, which is being released in late 2027, is a massive step up from the Vera Rubin in 2026. So, while the MI400 and the Vera Rubin might be a nice head-to-head, it is very important to see what AMD releases after the MI400 and will it be able to keep up with the Vera Ruben Ultra because if not, we'll most likely be going back to that AMD's are about a year behind. Now, another thing is we talked about kind of the software solution of AMD not being strong enough, and it's definitely not the level that Nvidia has, but I do believe in this AI market, it's not to reach the top space. You just need to reach a level where it's acceptable by companies. And I think it's getting to that level. And while you might not believe me, the easiest way to see is seven of the 10 largest AI companies are using AMD Instincts. Now there is the possibility that some of these companies can eventually stop using them. Um but overall you are seeing that a good majority at the moment are using AMD Instinct and that means that there are developers now using this product which can help increase closing that gap of AMD's software solution. So those were the three big lies that I think AMD investors should for sure know um both in bullish and bearish thesis. Let me know what are your thoughts in today's episode. And like I said, if you haven't, make sure to hit the thumbs up and the subscribe button. I'm trying to hit 75,000 subs by the end of the year. Take care. Have a good day.