[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Hello everyone and good morning. Thank you for watching. We'll see you tomorrow. Good morning everyone. Welcome back show. Yes. Hello. Go. Go ahead. Continue, Neil. My my I'm getting some issues, so I was just telling you to keep going.
 All right. So, I'll keep going. Good morning. Welcome back to the Breakfast Show with myself and Jose. We will be live, of course, as always until the market opens. Today, we will cover a little bit of Micron Micron reports, earnings beforeh after the market closes today. Got some AMD notes as well. Then we can already talk a little bit maybe about Nike for tomorrow, Thursday. Tomorrow we might or might not be live for a short stream um to maybe review Micron's earnings report. Although I'm pretty sure both of us will already talk about it on our channels. Now, good morning to everyone here in the chat. Got David, we've got a Josh, we've got a Manit here. Um Adah, howdy from the Czech Republic. Hello. Hello. Good morning. Good morning to everyone. Yesterday was a pretty good day. Yesterday was a pretty good day. We're going to have a look at the pre-market action. Uh Europe right now and uh Asia. We're going to have a look at all of that in just a second. Let me pull up uh the screen for you all real quick so we can actually have a look at what is going on um right now. So, pre-market, it seems like we are green, but mostly mostly flat at the moment. Mostly flat. Oil is up a tiny bit, but we're back under $65, so that's great. 10year here, 4.31%. Very good. I mean, very good. Could be better, but I mean, it's better this than than getting closer to 5%. Asian markets right now, as you can see, also green across the board. And in Europe, we've got red across the board. So, a bit of a mixed, I guess. But since I think most of us are anyways investing in US companies, although some of us have European companies as well in our portfolio, it's not that bad at the moment. Um, some of the headlines of this morning, Tesla's European car sales nose dive for fifth month after after customer as customers switch to Chinese EVs. We got uh NATO of course meeting. It's time to get serious about uh defense. Um on the Tesla stuff, I do want to show you one thing real quick and that's this right here. So last week um you see in Europe, but in select European countries, which make up around 60% of the sales in Europe, according to Roland here on X, the number was 6,200. And that's this yellow uh yellow that's this pinkish somo salmon type of of color. We can see that it has been going up and up and up. Of course, we are still down. I mean the quarter after 12 weeks is up 3.2%. but down 16.3% year-over-year. And year to date, sales until right now were still down 23 21.3%. But over the past couple of weeks, sales have been picking up a tiny bit in those select uh European countries, which I guess is better is better than nothing. But uh yeah, we're still we're still far away from where we should be for sure. and and and Neil with these um selected countries are these countries that actually have high volume because I know one thing that I've been seeing is there are certain countries that I see here data only from UK, Norway, Netherlands, Sweden, uh Denmark. Do you know if these are high volume places, Neil? cuz I know there's like certain countries where I only sell a few kind of thousand um units and obviously just continuing to seeing some strength there would be um great but it's a 60% of sales in Europe that's actually pretty good then yeah
 yeah it's exactly it's 60% and UK is now the largest market for Tesla in Europe surpassing Germany and France um Norway is of course pretty big I mean the majority of the cars there are anyways EVs at the moment um So yeah, th those aren't small countries. Let's let's put it that way. Um and and I also think that right now they even make up more than 60% of sales in Europe because Germany and France are so weak.
 And and in question here, Neil, do you know if this 60% of of these uh sales also have that competition of the um of the Chinese players as you did mention? I I I forget what country it was from the overall article you provided that um um one of the main reasons you're kind of seeing some of the decline in those other places. Um is because of the switch to EVs. Um do you know if if um those countries they are do have still Chinese players as well? I mean I would assume that the Chinese sell in almost every country in Europe. Um I see them in Belgium here a lot. So, I would assume they're they're a bit everywhere. And it's not it's not surprising. It's not surprising. Here we see Chinese manufacturer maintained their strong momentum in Europe's new car market in May despite European Union tariffs on Beijing EVs. Chinese automakers sold 65,88 units last month and more than doubled their market share in the region to 5.9%. So I guess this takes into consideration the whole of Europe. Um but yeah, it it makes sense. I I don't know if they probably they do they probably they do include here by these plug-in hybrids. Um the price of these cars probably also a bit lower than a Tesla Model Y for example or even the new Tesla Model 3. So makes sense. I mean, if you want to I mean, it makes sense. If you want to pick an EV and you look at the Chinese makers and they're way cheaper, then I guess I guess that's that's one way to pick up sales for sure. We do have some interesting questions coming in here. Uh Neil, I had some technical issues. I didn't know if you did your your the good mornings here, but we have uh Spook, we have Jean, um we have uh Jan. Good morning from SKH Highix. Is it a good morning from SKH Heinix or you're saying good morning because you work at SKH Highix? Um either or good morning, but if SKHX gave us some good news. Um I I I've missed it so far. I don't know if you've seen anything good happening um with SKHX right now. Uh Neil, uh we have Fabio. What's up, guys? Uh we have Joseph. Hello. Um today will be a SoFi day. what's up with the Sofi day hood is soaring. Um so just Yep. Good morning. Good morning and welcome to everybody. Uh Lane, what's up Chad? So good morning to everybody here. Um you know we also are getting a lot of questions about Micron. Um I don't know if we want to jump into that one next. They are reporting um earnings later today. So just maybe a top overview of what are you expecting um Neil from there. And I do have I I I did a video uh yesterday and and and I do have some notes on that I wouldn't mind covering, but would love to hear just your raw thoughts before uh discussing anything about that. Yeah, I mean first of all, yeah, Hood is also up today right now pre-market another 3 something% after being up 7 8% yesterday. Um so pretty good momentum. I mean pretty good momentum across the board from yesterday. Before we jump into my connection, maybe let me show the heat map from yesterday because it was a pretty good one. A pretty pretty good one. And and we actually got Fabio just told me well told us some great news. AMD premarket is at 140. That's wild.
 Very nice.
 Very nice.
 Very nice. I remember I remember when it was at 100 and below how we were made
 like it was less than a month ago or so.
 Yep. Less than a month or ago or so. Advanced money destroyer is turning into advanced money maker. Hey, Nvidia's almost 150, too. I I I I didn't want to take AMD shine, but I wanted to see what
 Yeah, we don't care about Nvidia anymore.
 I'm I'm leaving. I'm telling you. I'm going to leave one of these days. and we'll walk out and yeah um say Micron what I expect from Micron of course continued uh strength in the HBM uh business for them for sure maybe commentary on already 2026 if they can share something I'm sure they're already going to talk about HBM4 because we've we've talked about that article I think last week uh for HBM4 um so demand They we we know they're sold out for 2025. So what about 2026? Um how's the demand looking for for that? How's the uh construction of new facilities? How's that going on? Um any discussions maybe with the administration, subsidies wise, permits, all of the extra information that we can get is going to be very helpful. And then of course on the maybe consumer centric side of the business are they still facing tailwind uh headwinds and if not when do they see things uh turning around because that's going to be very important like we said yesterday we're at a billion dollar here billion dollar there extra from those businesses could be could be very helpful. So I I I know 20 I mean we know 2025 is a good year because it sold out for them HPMY. So, it's definitely going to be a good year for for that. But what comes next um what comes next is is probably more more important than what has happened uh before for sure. Yeah. And I I I don't know uh Neil if you want to just pull up some fiscal.ai. We I know we can see some estimates there on on what the revenue guidance uh revenue is expected. More importantly, revenue guidance as well. Um and we can also take a closer look at what the market is expecting in forms of earnings per share. Um but if we look at it here on a quarterly basis, uh this is expected to be another uh strong quarter for Micron. We did see kind of a quarter over quarter decline in in the previous one. Um but this one's expected to kick um kick us back in. I think it's about 8.8 8 to 8.9 uh billions of dollars in revenue expected for this upcoming quarter which is for this one the the May 25th and then the one after that um what I'm it's crazy growth expected after that Neil I mean you can see for the August quarter we're expecting about 9.9 billion so this is the uh like I mentioned in a bit two two two streams ago it's definitely a great time right now because even though the holiday season is not starting just yet. Uh these companies that are making the laptops that are making every type of consumer electronic for the holiday season, they need to buy the memory um and all these semiconductor components right now um to be able to have that inventory for the holiday. So that's going to be fueling a nice amount of the growth in the consumer space. Uh so in terms of earnings uh I mean in revenue I do believe the these numbers can actually be um very much met. Uh we did I I was just listening to an AMD's call on NEO and they uh they pretty much said that the gaming market and the PC market were doing a little bit stronger uh than they expected. Uh so that obviously could bode well really well for Micron than a lot of the consumer consumer tech. Um I and then in earnings per share, I do believe we're also expecting uh a nice uh pretty much it it's interesting that we're seeing a flatline here. One of the things here to remember is unfortunately the consumer market sometime is a little bit more competitive. So because it is a little bit more competitive, the gross margins aren't as high um as as high as as maybe some of the other data center segments. Uh so we are expecting this market to be about one uh one point $159 here on the consensus uh and then continue to see a nice boost after that um in in August 25th. We're expecting more of a $2 guidance on earnings per share. Uh so one thing that gets me pretty excited also Neil for this earnings is this is the first earnings they're going to change the way they report their segments. Um I I I don't know if you if you see that they're no longer going to do the segments they have right now. They're going to do it more product um specific. So they're going to have a client segment which is just going to be kind of like consumer PCs and consumer mobile which I'm pretty excited about. They're going to have an embedded market which is going to be the automotive segment and the and the um and and kind of the industrial space. And then they're going to have two that are going to be for like the data center solutions. One's going to be data center and one's going to be kind of high performance computing. I wonder what's going to be the difference between the two. I haven't really read right. I wonder if high performance computing is more for AI accelerators and data centers might be anything from DRAM that goes on the actual motherboards and stuff like that. But they're breaking down the segments of reporting a little bit better. Um, and as a semiconductor investor, that's actually pretty uh pretty cool. Um, in my opinion, yeah, I mean, if the thing if a company makes changes to what they're to the reporting, if it makes sense, I'm all for it, right? If if it gives me more information, more clarity, I'm all for it. If it doesn't, then screw them. And I'm like, h, why did you do this? Like, this just screws up our whole Yeah, because we're used to opening up the earnings report. We see what we need to see and we're done with it. If you if you suddenly change the reporting to something that doesn't make sense, just makes our lives uh a little bit more a little bit more difficult. But uh yeah, no, the the estimates looks look quite good, right? Revenue wise, they're expected basically to add a billion dollars every quarter. Now, an extra billion in revenue. Um EPS is basically expected to double from here to the next year. So that's also pretty good. Um look at EBIT. we go from 2.1 billion to next year uh $4.3 billion. Pretty good. Uh pretty good. What's was interesting is like the consensus average and this price target is basically at the price we're at right now. Maybe a little bit a little bit lower. I do wonder if that's going to change after after tonight or not because I mean we know we know as the price goes up analysts usually have to readjust um their price targets and so since we are now here consensus 123 124 we're at 128 pre-market time to time to upgrade my friends time to upgrade
 there's no changes except stock price has gone up. Time to upgrade,
 man. Yesterday I uh I talked a little bit about the uh maybe we talked about this, I'm not sure, about the analyst that uh upgraded, not upgraded, increased their price target on on Google. A whole note, a whole note, $3 difference. Yeah, I I I only saw the price target increase. I never I didn't see the the price target um from from when they started, right? So that that's wild. Uh through I think it was like a they saw like a 1.5 to 2% growth in revenue on their estimates or earnings per share. So they gave that same growth to their uh price target.
 Yeah. I mean I've seen worse, right? I've seen the $1 price target raises as well, which I'm like, come on, that just doesn't make like why why waste the paper? Mhm.
 And let's see, we got some pretty cool comments here and there. I wouldn't mind taking over um unless you want to share a little bit more things of on Micron here.
 No, this was basically from a month ago at the last uh conference that we have. So they said the following healthy demand for both DM and NAND driven price inflection as driving price inflection aspect because this is also something that they talked about right with regards to tariffs. They're just going to pass it on to the to the customers. HBM 12 high production RAM progressing well with crossover to majority volume shipments expected in fiscal Q4 which now we're going to be Q3 um yeah Q3 is what they report tonight data center SSD share gains continue aiming for further increases that's great and HBM revenues exceeded $1 billion last quarter uh on track to double that rate so yeah pretty good pretty good comments I guess all in or now you can take
 and and um the yeah so some pretty cool I would love to hear some more commentary on the HBM4 um because I do believe they were one of the first to ship it in the industry right now to customers uh the other thing is just like they mentioned here um I I was just looking at an article from Trend Force who who follows the semi it's a research that follow research group that follows the semiconductor industry and they mentioned that they're seeing a nice turnaround ground story in pricing for NAND. So NAND has been very weak uh for Micron in in the past few quarters in the past year or so actually a little bit more than that. Uh so now if you're starting to see maybe a little turnaround story of now more supply demand being there than supply I think that can start to help some of those gross margin expectations for for Micron uh in the future. Um, I don't expect the NAND market to completely turn around, but at least going from um negative to to positive I I I think will be very very um good sentiment for them. And and Neil, it's it's so funny how the sentiment continues to change for AMD. Um it once the advanced money destroyer, now is the advanced money doubler or as Waldo calls it, the advanced money duplicator. And I think we got a few more uh like that throughout the comments. So, it's pretty funny here. Advanced money. No, I'm not going to say what I wanted to say. I'm not going to say it. See, I do have
 Go ahead. Go ahead. Say it. Say it. Yeah.
 T-shirt. I don't know. I missed that one. I'm I'm not on my game today, it seems. Uh, but Nebius, did I have a good day yesterday? Uh,
 everyone had a good day yesterday. Everybody there, right?
 Everyone but Tesla. Everyone but Tesla.
 Even Intel had a good day um yesterday. Maybe we could talk a little bit about some of the Intel updates in a bit. I I was just looking at the stock day.
 Who did
 Uber? Uber. Yeah. Yeah. Um,
 you know, because robo taxes are supposed to destroy the business, which is why it was up 7.5% yesterday and Tesla was down 2.3. So, you see how that goes.
 Perfect. Perfect. Uh, let's see what else do we have here. I I saw BB AI. I'm not a one that I follow follow or would like to follow anytime soon, but I thought I saw a stock up nearly 25% yesterday on what Sid calls I'm not calling it on what Sid calls a future Palunteer wannabe. That's not a shirt shirt, Neil. Um, no. Okay. Um
 let's see what else do we have here. We have Manuel, can AMD pull back to 116 and 124 once more?
 I mean I think in the semiconductor industry in this whole volatile market um anything is extremely possible. Uh so I wouldn't say no. What do you say Neil? I mean anything is possible. Anything is possible right in this crazy market. Um it's it's I do want to be like a little bit cautious with the market right now because like like you said like you saw a big barrier yesterday up how much 20 50
 I think it was 25%. Let me check.
 So yeah when you start seeing
 yeah 25 and up another 4% premarket. So when these types of things are happening right when these types of I call them uh what do you call how I say this co um go up 15 20 25% every day not just one day and it's not just big bear it's a lot of other smaller companies out there that just jump on on no news or nothing. Um reminds me a little bit of what has happened uh before right when when just things go up it doesn't make any sense. um I mean understand the market sentiment right worst case scenario baked in didn't really happen and so there's a lot of chase uh a lot of a lot of chase right because we've seen the data back in April back in May retail was the one buying institutions hedge funds were the one unloading stuff so since they have to show performance they have to catch up so they're doing that maybe right now and I'm not saying we're going to see a crash or anything But there is definitely
 you hear it here. Neo says we're getting a crash.
 There is a potential for a for a small correction and like Custard and Chips is saying here. Great show. Thank you. You guys think we can get a small pullback if Trump increase tariffs again on countries that haven't got a deal done by the deadline because Yeah, that's a crucial point, right? We're not out of the woods yet. The deadline is what? July 9th or something like that. Something like that. I don't know. Something like
 something like that. Exactly. So we still have the tariff thing going on. Um so yeah, any any bad any bad news I guess.
 Yeah. July 9th. Yeah. Okay. So any bad news around that? Because the the market is definitely looking for a bad news to to to crash the market.
 Um but so far nothing works and and and like you I mean to me it's just even though we did kind of get an we had a massive correction in April. um in just a matter of two months. It was one of the I would say say greatest V-shaped recovery that we've seen in a while. Um and sometimes that scares me, right? I mean, it's definitely it I'm not saying I'm going to go sell my stocks. I might maybe start to sell off on some of my companies that have definitely run up. I mean, Cororeweave is an example of one that I've been kind of selling over time. Um, but it's it's more of like not too much handling of my core portfolio. It's more just being a little bit more cautious on new money going in on where to put it in, right? Uh, and how how are you handling kind of this when when maybe you you're you're starting to feel a little bit iffy? Are are you changing a lot of things within your core portfolio or is it very similar to to what I just discussed where it's more just being more cautious on the new money coming in? Um, no. So, what did I do? I bought United Health. So, I think that's quite a defensive move. I'd say a little bit. Um, bought some Google. And that's about it. That's about it for now. Uh, the rest will stay will stay in cash and and will. Yeah, that's it. I I make 4% of my cash, so I don't mind. Um, so that's
 all right. Big baller. All right. All right. Um, but yeah, no, I mean, similar. I don't think I've really bought anything in that kind of growth state. I I just recently did a nice purchase of of Google as well. And I think that's where I'm going to be focusing maybe a lot of my uh allocation for for the next um maybe few weeks or so and and cash as well if I do have the opportunity um uh to to to build up cash as well. Um ton of money on the sidelines and it has to enter sooner or later. I mean the money markets fund was what $7 trillion or something like that around around that number give or take. Um the thing is there has always been a ton of money on the sidelines right there's always been a lot of money on the sidelines and to be honest it does not have to enter always. um it can stay there. Of course, it might enter, especially when we start cutting rates, it might enter, but to say that there is 7 trillion on the sidelines, which means all of that will flow into the market, that's not always that's not true basically because money on the sidelines is money on the sidelines that will usually stay most of the time just on the sidelines. Um, so yeah. Let's see what else we got here, Neil. Uh, we have Dookie. Interesting name. Uh, and I probably froze, but hopefully you can still hear me. Uh, Dookie is about to fill a huge $10 in the next few days or weeks. Am I back? Did I go off, Neil? Were you able to hear that?
 You froze, but we we heard you. Okay, awesome. Yeah, I mean Marll's been killing it. I think I saw Marll right now up another like 2% uh sitting at around 76 uh dollars. I I think so. Uh ever since their AI event, um the stock has definitely very similar to AMD NEO, right? After that AI event um from Marll, uh investors have a lot more excited about it as they did kind of share some great indications. And I'm not anyone who plays with this uh magical um gap stuff, but Moral is about to fill a huge $10 gap in the next few days, weeks. I mean can fill a gap. Right now it is just under the 200 day moving average. So in order to fill that gap, it will need a nice push above it um above that 200 day moving average and then continue. Um the 200 day is is usually one where things get either you get a rebound or you get quite a lot of resistance there unless you get a big big uh green candle followed by another one and you stay and you stay above it. Um so yeah, that's Marvel. It's the nice little gap right here. Not all gaps get filled, but most of them most of them do. Another one with a big gap here. Um two gaps actually. one for the trade desk, one gap that went from $60 to $70. Um, filled a tiny bit when we went back under 70 a couple of days ago. So stay tuned for that. And then we have, of course, that huge gap that goes from $85 to 120. Uh, that one will take will take some time uh to close. Um, of course, since it is a gap on the upside, it will eventually close unless something bad happens with the trade desk, but right now it needs to make its way back to the 200 day moving average, which is at $83. Of course, as the time goes by, the moving average will will come down and it should be making um should be much easier to go back above it. I I would say agree, but I like I said, I don't follow this, so I'll just nod. I keep reading comments. Neil, um Matthew here, what's up? Matthew mentions we have an Nvidia shareholder meeting, I think, at 9:00 a.m. I believe he mentions it's West Coast time since it is a Tupac day. Um it is Yeah. Uh I think the only thing I'm excited for this uh shareholder meeting is hopefully a nice Q&A session to get just a quick update of what's happening with maybe the Blackwell ramp and stuff like that. Um, for those that are not familiar, right now we are transitioning to the Blackwell Ultra and yesterday, um, HPE actually had their HPE Discovery in Las Vegas. And one thing that I found pretty interesting there is they mentioned their AI servers that are going to be using the B300. So, the Blackwell Ultra is are going to start shipping in early o October. Uh, so to me, if you're shipping a server in early October, very similar to how we just talked about Micron, um, that's kind of like the end product, they're going to need to be getting those chips from Nvidia and everybody else ahead of time. Uh, so I I I think we're going to start to see some Blackwell Ultra revenue either by the end of this quarter or next quarter for sure. So that gets me pretty excited about an Nvidia shareholders. does seem the Blackwell Ultra is doing pretty pretty uh strong in forms of its ramp process. Quick uh uh I've seen a couple of comments here on the local. Um it's a company I I like very very much very much. Yesterday in my uh in the stock draft uh video, it was actually my first my first pick. Um is Dlo still a buy? Look, it's true. It's not at $10 anymore, but it's what just it's under 12. So, it is a bit more expensive, but still, in my opinion, very, very, very attractive at those prices. And as you can see right here, we had a huge drop. So, a huge gap down, which we almost closed back in May, but even then, we had a gap up. That gap has been filled last two weeks or so. Now, we're making our way back up. This is the downtrend line. We will need of course a lot of momentum to go and and break that and then we can fill that gap. And uh we continue to make our way up because this is in my opinion still a very very very very good business. $3 billion in market cap, fast grower, profitable, close to zero debt. Um I like it. I like it a lot. I don't know if he froze or not, but okay. I'll continue with my uh with my rambling. So, we continue here. Um would you wait for a correction on recent SoFi? I would. It's not just SoFi specific to be honest. It's uh it's everything everything has has gone up. Of course, some of the names deserve to go up, right? Some of the names have not participated in the huge uh in the huge rally. Jose will be back in a second in the huge rally. So, with so far, I mean, remember at the start of the year, we were closer to $18. So, we're just making our way back up to where we were at the start of the year. On the daily, it is quite high, but not overbought just yet. There are plenty of companies of course um that are overbought already. So for example, I'm pretty sure my uh my Nebus is huh almost I guess with the pre-market I guess today will be overbought a little bit. I am yeah Rocket Lab is overbought. Pretty sure A yeah is definitely overbought right now. So there are plenty of stocks that of course have doubled or up 50% over the last couple of weeks and uh right now it is a very very um hot hot market I'd say very hot market um if I go and look at maybe a more stable name CRM Salesforce very strong company have has not participated at all right has not participated at all in the recent in the recent rally on the contrary it peaked here in May and then dropped on. So there are some opportunities if you want. Of course, the opportunities are in the names that probably have a lower beta. So in the names that do not go up 10%, 15% or even 8% on one day. Those are the names like a Salesforce where yesterday it went up 3%. Right? So you have to deal with that. I know um someone talked about before FOMO and stuff like that. This is definitely happening right now, right? is definitely happening right now. you see companies like I've shown you even companies that I own doubled or even Jose with with core we've doubled tripled um or even more in the last couple of weeks last two months or so and then you let's say you own a company a very good company like Salesforce or even even our darling here Google and they have not really participated although since the lows it is up but they have not participated in the 50% rallies and whatnot and you feel like an idiot right you feel like you missed an opportunity. But no, this is just two months, maybe a month from now. All of these stocks, even the ones that the nebus and whatnot, can suddenly come down 20 30%. Right? Very, very quickly. It can happen. Just so that you you don't have to look at the performance. Oh, last month this stock went up 50% and my stock went up 10% and that's why I made a bad choice. No, you didn't make a bad choice. The other just made a good trading choice. you probably make still a very good investing choice and that's the most important one. Um making good investing choices not for the next week or the next month but for the next u couple couple of years for sure. Uh let's see. Shift 4 was in the draft. Why short-term or long-term belief? Shift 4 was in the draft and I actually took it. I uh I took it because well I I like I like it. I like it and of course I missed out on the other names. So I had to pick something that I liked and so I went with uh I went with Shift 4. Valuation wise as we've seen I think uh two days or so ago makes total sense. I'll actually show you I'll show you again right now. Valuation wise for shift 4 makes sense. Okay. There is no Jared Isaacman anymore. He's still on the board, but the CEO um is not him anymore. So PE 32.7 trailing, but a for 16.2 times, revenue 2 years out, uh 21%, EPS 26.5%. So this is a company that's still expected to grow quite rapidly. I don't think I'm overpaying for it. And remember the draft is the performance from today 12 well from today until June 25th, 2026. So I've picked companies that are of course beaten down. Um I've picked companies that are beaten down. I've picked companies where I think valuation wise those are very cheap and and I could definitely outperform. So yeah, that's why I also chose United Health for example. I chose United Health. I also bought United Health very small position but I chose United Health of course because well it is down 50% in just a matter of couple of months here right now. What is it? Uh yeah 49% since since April. So I I am betting of course since this is just 12 months I'm betting on a nice recovery in a lot of those names and and then with the other names like the AMD like the Google are just strong companies that I still expect uh I expect them to grow more and more. So voila that that was the rationale behind it and Jose is back.
 Yeah had to reset internet hopefully it fixes everything. Uh you live in a third world country it seems.
 Yeah. I mean with this heat right here right now I think it's just I don't know what it's wild. Um yeah no I took Novo Nordisk. I almost took GitLab to be honest. I almost took GitLab but I went with uh ASML yesterday during a a stock draft stock draft pick. almost went with GitLab, but I didn't. You My goodness, Neil, you should have gone with with GitLab. Who Who was in this stock draft and you better win is all
 Actually, I can show you the can show you the list and you can share your thoughts on uh on whether or not the list is a good one. Um see, so this is basically it. We had Teis, Manuel, uh Roy, myself, Chris, and then Chip PT and Gemini basically got their own picks. Grock did not understand the assignment, so he's not included. Um so I took uh the local, PayPal, Google, United Health, AMD, Alibaba, Novon, Nordisk, SML, Shift 4. Of course, I had to take Intel uh Salesforce and then the last pick was just end phase cuz as you can see the last pick is just an extra whatever. Um the draft is basically the performance from today until next year same day. Um
 very nice.
 Yeah, which is why I took those I mean I own most of them but I took those names because a lot of them just have a lot of upside in my opinion. have not really participated that much in the recent rally. Um, and it's not that I did not want to take a Sofi or a Nebuse or whatnot, just that they took it first round.
 Oh, wow. That's wild. First round picks on on on some of those was pretty wild. Okay.
 No, because we know
 Chad GPT. Screw Chad GPT. No, but Okay. But the thing with Chad Gypt and Gemini is that they only got to pick after we picked.
 Oh, makes sense. Gemini was the last one, which is why it got all of the garbage.
 Yeah.
 Um, imagine Gemini wins even though it was the last.
 That's what I said. I don't mind Gemini winning because that would be bullish for Google.
 Google. Yeah.
 Um, but yeah. Now, the reason why you see the smaller names at the top first first round pick is is purely because we know what the other wanted to pick. So like Teavis knew that everyone wanted profile. So he basically took that first. Manuel knew
 I knew that the local was getting picked by Manuel or or maybe someone else. So I just I had to secure it. And then I knew nobody would pick Intel, so I had time to pick that one. Yeah. You didn't have to choose that one. You could have wait till the last minute and still got it.
 Exactly. Exactly. And then Yeah. The rest It was supposed to be 10 originally only 10 and then we just added two extra. So, I just went with Salesforce and and and phase for for the extra
 for the extra two. Um, I really wanted to take Uber, but Roy took it just before.
 Yeah.
 Um,
 yeah, I like your list a lot. There's two other list I like a lot, too, but yours is there.
 Which one? Chris.
 Chris. Yeah, Chris I like a lot. And, uh, Roy. Um, but like he has that Uber. It has some Crown, some meta, some Oracle. Um I I don't follow the the like ccalers but I'm pretty sure there's some some growth there. I don't follow going and coin and him but um yeah. So yours Chris and Roy are are
 Yeah, Chris has a Chris has a good one especially with with new here. Well Nvidia uh the trade desk is a good one. TSM he took Micron just before I wanted to take Micron. O had to take uh uh ASML because it was
 which is also a good pick I think
 except for the next year Neil for
 for the next 12 months.
 12 months. Okay, nice.
 That's also why I actually took Intel and it's not that crazy of a pick because I g I basically give them four quarters.
 Yeah,
 four quarters time to make sure that the stock is not at $21. I think that's plenty of time for the stock to move up and definitely plenty of time for Foundry and 18A to actually make um some some solid moves. So, who who did you give up for in instead of GitLab? Uh did you pick for instead of GitLab? ASML. ASML.
 Okay. All right. All right. That's all right.
 Yeah. No, no. Yeah, of course. It's not uh it's not something not something else. Although I could I could have maybe switched, but I was like, you know what? I picked. So, whatever. We'll We'll stick with it. We'll stick with that. I think I'll win. I think I'll win. I I'm sorry. I know I win.
 I'm rooting for you. I'm rooting for you. I'm rooting for you.
 Thank you. I think
 the great great host, co-host, whatever we call each other of this channel is going to win. Um, I thought you took Baba before Uber. I did. I take Baba. No. Uh Roy took Uber be Roy took Uber before I took Oh, no. It was the other way around because I didn't I didn't know. I wasn't sure if anyone was interested in Uber, so I just took uh Baba. Technically speaking, I should have taken Baba later because nobody was going to take that anyways. Same with United Health, although you never know. You never know. Um but yeah, Uber was one where okay, can't catch them all, but I own Uber in my personal portfolio, so I don't care. I I like this. Neoflorian is is dropping the great questions we all need to know. What's the explanation behing aside from OCD investors? Um, which one had here. Uh, what's the explanation behind gap filling aside from OCD investors? Good question. Good question. Um, I mean the science behind it, I don't know, but it's just I mean on the on the way up it makes sense, right? On the way up is just the stock basically making its way back up and then just naturally filling up that gap. On the way down, I guess I guess I don't It's just the the traders or the algo seeing a gap where the stock is a fly here where where the stock just
 Oh, I thought I thought you were going I thought it was part of your discussion, but uh
 No, it's like an annoying fly. It's also very hot here, but um
 yeah, I don't know what the what the science is. It's just
 the algo not seeing a certain price and it's like yeah. Um there's a pretty interesting comment from Alli. Uh Google's Gemini is struggling a bit in inference. Grog seems to be a lot better. I'm not sure what you mean. I mean here Alli with inference. I mean uh if you mean like time of thinking or the thinking process I actually while Gemini is not my favorite model. I'm a more of an 03 03 pro type of guy. I think my second favorite model in terms of like thinking or research is definitely Gemini. It's very rare for me to use Grock for anything useful. Um maybe if I want to do something creative, I think Grock might be a better player there because it's a little less uh it's a lot more a lot less hinged. Um so so for the creative aspect, maybe Grock, but for some research stuff and and time of thinking research, I do prefer um Gemini over Grock. I I know you use Grock, Neil, and I know you are a Gemini fan. Um do you prefer one over the other? Yes. Yes. I actually think Grock is an idiot. I uh No, for real. Like I I I don't think that I don't remember the last time I used it. Um I'm daily on Gemini and on Perplexity. Uh okay. I have Perplexity Pro. I have Gemini Pro. So that makes a huge difference as well from the from the free version. But then you get the Aren't you a Don't you have the Do you have the blue check mark on X? Cuz that gives you a little bit of the um check mark X. Yeah. That doesn't
 It still doesn't Yeah. Right. I agree.
 It's It's not It's not great. It's not great. Even with the image generator, it's like sometimes I'm like, "This is not what I asked, mate. This is definitely not what I asked." Um and then when I ask it a simple question, just give me a simple answer. Don't give me like the whole Bible on on on on the whole thing. Um, it's nice when you like you go on a on a huge thread and you like you just click the clock button and you're like, you know what?
 Yeah, that one is good. Very useful there.
 Yeah, screw the whole thread just summarize what the heck this guy wanted to say. And
 I I think that's the one I I I I find the most use of Grock is just whenever um there's like a video that I didn't get because it's like those random ass videos that like have some riddle or something. I'm like, "Yo, can someone just explain this to me?" Um, but I daily I daily uh OpenAI I kind of weekly Gemini and Perplexity. Um I think maybe I monthly Groc if that much
 but you pay for only Chad GPT, right?
 Uh no, I pay for everything. Gemini um pro the pro subscription while it is on I think it's only like 10 and something a month right now. Um, they had like a three-month uh for for V3 and stuff like that. I wanted to use it for V3, so I bought like the uh that expensive monthly version. So, okay.
 Yeah, it's a little bit burning my wallet. Hopefully, the wife isn't watching, but uh I I spent the 200 a month on on GPT, the 150 on on uh Gemini, and then I think Perplexity is Gemini is one is one it's it's in the Google one package. No. Yeah, but I don't know if you guys have it in that part of the world, Neil, but here in this part of the world, there's the the monthly package where you do get kind of like V3 and the whole thing.
 Yeah. All those stuff. And it's um that's super cuz if not, it's like $20 a month for for like their but then they have the updated version of like 150ish or it's typically I think 300, but like the first three months um since V3 was announced, they uh
 um they um do it. Why pay? Um, I find value in them and I I know there's a lot of open source solutions, uh, Josiah. Um, but, um, for me it's ease of use. I make the money. It's like anything in life. If you pay for it, as long as you're making your monthly worth out of it, then to me it's it's no thing. I like I use it for all my content creation. I use it for heavy research. Um, it pays off itself for all these platforms, even if I don't use them all. Perplexity Pro uses all of those. Yes, you can when you use Perplexity, you can basically choose which uh which model. Uh
 yeah, but there there there definitely is a difference of using like a Propexle Pro and and and you don't have like 03 Pro. Um and the internal prompt within Perpex Pro gives you different styles of response when actually using the the main model itself. So again, it's more of a niche thing. I think for most users, Perplexity Pro is probably all you need because you can use all those LLMs. But if you are using it more niche specific like I am, I think you definitely see a difference between every model.
 Yes. So I'm here. I'm looking. I can have a Sonar, which is Perplexity's fast model, Claude 4.0, zero sonet uh GPT 4.1 Gemini 2.5 Pro the newest one Grog 3 beta and then in reasoning R1 03 and again cloth uh 4.1 so pretty good and then of course you can choose between search research and labs labs is pretty crazy
 yeah I think for the typical consumer Neil probably perplexity is the best way to go to get really exposure to the AI space I just don't know if you can do a lot of the image can you do I don't think they have any of the AI image um
 they
 aspects there do they they do have image the funny thing they do have image on X like if you ask perplexity on X they have image video and video
 wow that's
 it's quite yeah it's quite interesting cuz I tried to do it on on Perplexity their their own website but it did not work but it does work on X as a prompt which is funny. Um, all right. I think that's enough AI talk um for unless people have questions about AI, then I'll gladly answer or Neil will gladly answer anything.
 Um, there was a question here. I just want to say Prune is right. Jose's internet must be dooy. It is right now. Hadukan. Uh, why did you finally get United Health? Purely just because I wanted uh I see the opportunity for a nice gain in the short term. Uh, it's a non- tech exposure. And so I said, you know what? Why not? Why not? It was either either cash or something like that. Cuz how much lower can this thing go? In my head, not much. And how much higher can it go? a lot. So that's why um but yeah,
 let's see. Um we got a lot of comments here, Jose. I I I think this is based on that um draft obvious. I I don't know because it all depends, right, on who picks what. Uh but obviously would be a lot very heavy semi-software dependence. Um so we got a lot of comments here. Neil, I don't know if you want to grab any that you see. Um, Intel, uh, Intel is giving falling knife for me looking at CPUs, but they have other segments. I I don't know if you've seen some, I know you own the stock, Neo. I don't know if you've seen some of the recent updates um, with it. Uh, there were two updates that I really liked. One happened about a week ago. Uh, and let me see if I can get the website. It's from their investors relations website. Um, and they hired a lot new talent. Um, this was on June 18th. So, let me just get this here and let me share screen really quick. Um, again, I'm not a shareholder of Intel, but I'm starting to like their CEO more and more um, every time I see what he's changing. Uh, so Intel appoints sales and engineering leaders. So there is a massive shift happening in Intel with uh them letting go of a lot of highlevel um executives and switching them over. Um and the new CEO uh a few that I I I enjoyed he it seems like he's poaching some people from Cadence Design. Uh for example, here we have I'm not even gonna try any names because I'm pretty much gonna but butcher them, but this new person he joins Intel from Cadence Design System where he led uh global silicon engineering. Um and he's now will lead a new customer engineering center of excellence and joined the Intel executive team. Now the other two that I actually saw were pretty exciting if I was maybe an Intel shareholder. Um I'm just going to call him Ali. Uh so Ali has been Thank you with the Italian uh accent and the hence allegi
 has been named the VP of AI systems on system on chips. Uh so he'll be responsible for managing the development of multiple system on chips that will be part of Intel's AI roadmap. Um and he joins from rain AI an innovative startup where he led AI silicon engineering. So I think that was pretty interesting. It does see show that Lee Bhutan is really really focused on the AI ecosystem right now and we can see the other one um has been named the VP of AI fabric and networking which is great for connecting a lot of GPUs together. Uh he will lead the development of innovative system on chip architectures for Intel's AI GPUs and forwardlooking roadmap. He joins from Google where he led silicon engineering, architectural design and platform solutions across multiple system on chips from the mobile sides. Uh he was previously the founder and CEO of Proino Technologies and SOC startup acquired by Google in 2021. Uh so we can see Lihutan um is really focusing on the AI space. I do want to say though is these types of designs take multiple years to actually see some actual results. So it's not like I expect a new AI chip from Intel next year. Maybe 2 three years from now is maybe a little bit more hopeful. Um but uh it it shows Lee Bhutan is trying to head in that direction. Um and we've seen a lot of other news of more job layoffs. Um last week we saw that they're getting rid of their marketing team or most of the marketing team and kind of contracting as centure um which will be using a lot more AI to help with uh a lot of the uh marketing scheme there for uh Intel. Um and they are closing off an automotive segment that they had within the Intel team um and laying off some of the workers there. So a lot of cutting costs right now and really shifting into the markets that they want. It looks good, but these are things that do take multiple years, especially that AI stuff to really see any answers. So, I don't expect major changes anytime soon, but at least it's some good changes. Yeah. And I think I mean, like Matthew said, CEO is respected in the top tech leaders. Yes. Um, Libboutan has been very good at cadence for the last what was it over 15 years or so. Um, and it's not a falling knife anymore, right? It's actually been making higher lows as we can see right here. And it's making its way to the 200 day moving average. Although earlier this year, it it was twice above. It didn't really uh hold that level. Went back down. Now we're trying to make our way back up. But with Intel, I guess it is more now about the narrative changes, right? It's more about you know what we know the results will take time but the narrative can change right it can go from oh Intel is dead although it is not dead yet to oh Intel is actually making its way back up and the narrative changes and we are not trading anymore near book value we're not trading anymore as if this is a company that goes out of business plus who knows right maybe in the back half of the year late I mean exiting this year we suddenly have an announcement right huge clients for Intel foundry commitments. Um that can of course change everything for a company. Uh but yeah, Lee Bhutan is definitely way more aggressive. It seems way more aggressive. He's he has no emotional attachment to to Intel. He has an emotional attachment to the business and the investors and that's it. That's the focus for him. So layoffs definitely coming. Um changes, restructuring definitely happening. And I guess that's what they needed. Uh I guess that's what they needed for sure. Uh
 and and and yeah, with what Matthew said about kind of respected, I think in this industry where uh I would say the semiconductor industry, especially the niches that Intel hits, it's a very talent constraint market um where you obviously have a lot of competitors. You have competitors like AMD, like Nvidia, you have startups. So if you are well respected it does sometimes certain players certain talent will only go if they believe in the leadership um itself. Um and if they look at Lee Bhutan if he is actually this really respected individual which I've heard the same thing Matthew um I think it allows the opportunity for you to um uh to get talent um even though you might still be maybe what some might consider that go company at least in in the moment u but having a respected leader could kind of bring talent that can help change that up. So, um it it it's crazy how in in certain industries I wouldn't think a massive leadership change is that crucial, but in the um I think in certain spaces where you're very talent constraint, um a good leadership change can help dramatically improve your talent acquisition. Yeah. And I mean, you know, I 12 months from now, I think I can be smiling with my Intel. It's either I'm smiling or I don't own it anymore. So either way, next year um I I'm either making money on it or not. Although even right now I'm pretty close to being break even with all of the disaster around Intel stock. Um but yeah, it's it is a cutthroat uh industry and business and it has to be. It has to be. It's not like oh we're going to play nice. No, it's you want to win or not. It's it's not like Lisa Sue or Jensen are going to stay stick around and say, "You know what? Oh, actually poor Intel. Maybe maybe we should slow down and help them out a little bit." It's like, "No, no, man. Uh you have to come out uh and do do the best you can." Yeah. Yeah. And I mean, right now, definitely I do think there's still some market bleeding um in forms of market share. Uh I I mean in in in in the laptop space, you know, I've been looking for a new laptop and every review that I'm looking at on the kind of higher tier premium is they would say go with an AMD CPU at the moment. Um just because some of the issues that might be coming from some of the Intel CPU products right now. Uh but I think all these stuff are things that can be fixed and um for the CEO to make changes is not something that happens right off the bat. I also have one more slide. Uh Neil, I I don't know if you saw this one. Um it it's more about it continues here on Intel again not a shareholder but uh semiconductor industry is very very close to my heart. Um and it's the global foundry market revenue share ranking and this global foundry some might people might look at it right away and say TSMC 35.3%. This is completely completely wrong because TSMC if you look at wafer manufacturing it's closer to like 50 to 60%. Now there is this new type of global foundry market where you're including wafer manufacturing. You're also including things like advanced packaging which is very very critical nowadays especially that's why you see a company like ASC which f focuses a lot in advanced packaging being a big player in this list. So it's kind of the whole process of global foundry of of chip manufacturing. Um TSMC is by far the leader and continues to gain market share. We can see in quarter 1 of 2024 it had roughly 29.4 but as we know they are one expanding um their manufacturing footprint here in the United States and other parts in the world and in Taiwan as well. The second thing that we know is they are massively building their advanced packaging uh solutions for things like co-as. So that's what's really helping them grow that market share and make it bigger and bigger. uh because back then they didn't have enough co-as capacity or manufacturing lines that they were kind of sending some of those um orders to other potential players. Um and and here we can see TSMC is 35.3%. Intel is actually second here in in in second place. You know obviously it's mainly all its own revenue and its own chips. Um but there were based reports on this counterpoint research that their 18A is actually getting uh some great positive reaction. Uh so it can help maybe them grow even a little bit more market share. The other thing that I found interesting is many people would think Samsung is second place. Uh but Samsung is no longer there. It's number four on the list. Intel also does have a lot of great advanced packaging solutions. Um like their forbos I forget what they call it. Um, but they have kind of like their own 2.5 3 uh 3D stacking solutions as well and kind of like their own versions of co-wash uh solutions uh and they're doing really really well on that. So Intel is definitely becoming a nice player here in global foundry market share. I really wouldn't worry as a TSMC but I wouldn't sleep on Intel's foundry business especially if you're counting more than just wafer like this slide is. It's counting things like advanced packaging. Um
 it's uh revenue uh revenue share well obviously it's going to revenue share that's pretty much how they determine market share um in in in most of these things right if you look kind of like a data center uh market expense you look more at kind of the overall revenue spending at the moment um and some uh here you're also going to take a closer look at you you see names that aren't here are also going to be here so um you might be like how's TSMC so little it there's not that many manufacturing lines but there's a lot of Chinese players there's a lot of memory players like Micron um like uh SKH highix here that didn't make the list that are under here uh so that's why TSMC looks super small but compared to first to second player TSMC still dominates not bad Intel making a a little comeback there um of course Intel is Intel's own client but still not bad at all actually My laptop now has Nvidia uh RTX 4070 and AMD Ryzen 7 if you're interested uh to know. Thank you, Neil. Not a bad laptop that didn't really that much actually.
 Yeah. No, no. Mine's still running a I'm looking for another because mine's still running the 3070 but also an AMD uh CPU. I'm looking for the 5070 Ti this time. Yeah, you just have to add another couple of uh dollars to add that. Um um but I mean Robert here, I think Robert was saying that he's very um Oh, okay. I didn't know if he meant Robert if you were talking about the stock or the actual product itself. I think you're talking more about the product. Yeah, I I mean I do see one of the biggest complaints in some of the CPUs in the laptop market right now have been kind of an overheating issue uh that they're seeing heavily and more power in a laptop space. I'm looking for more uh power constraint. I think it it might be different in the PC desktop world, but I think in the laptop market uh I think the influencers are or the tech reviewers are at least correct in their assessment. I don't know if they're shilling the same on the uh PC side, but I think on the PC side uh power draws and power attempts are a whole should I don't think are as important. Plus, I mean remember for the majority of people, right, for the majority of users, it doesn't matter. Intel, AMD, if it's for a day-to-day task, it doesn't matter. It's just purely if you want to edit videos, you want to stream, if you want to play games, that's usually when you get into the into the details, right? whether you need uh 4070, 4080, 4090, 5070, uh Ryzen 7, Ryzen 9, Intel i7, i9, like for the normal person doesn't even know what the heck we're talking about right now, right? It's just, oh, how much does this laptop cost? That that's the only question that someone is is definitely going to ask. And then if you're a gamer or content creator, you are going to dive a little bit deeper. Um, what type of games can I play on it? how fast can I uh render a video, etc., etc. Um, but yeah, uh, it's quite crazy also how how this is a nice Vshape recovery for a company like TSM. We peaked like before at the start of the year basically where we're at right now 226 crashed all the way down to 13 something and then all the way back up to alltime highs in just two months and a half or so.
 How has ASML done? Uh Neil, if you can pull that up. I wonder I don't think it has moved much. No.
 Uh no,
 I mean moved probably from the bottom. Yeah, from the bottom we're up close to 40%. But from where is the start of the year? Somewhere here up a tiny bit now. Not much. And this is in dollars, I think.
 I can't believe earning seasons are getting ready to start back up new. I feel like we just stopped them. But great. I mean, great for the channel. Great for us to discuss. Um, two weeks from now I think is when we get the heat of it for tech uh the tech industry. Yeah. Uh two two weeks or two and a half weeks. Two weeks probably banks and then yeah we have the the TSML Netflix
 the early the early birds let's call them.
 Um
 but yeah tomorrow we have another fan favorite it seems. I mean, it's a fan favorite only because I think Jeremy from uh Financial Education covers it a lot and has a position on it. And that's Nike.
 Nike has been a disaster of a stock. If I zoom out more and more, it has been a disaster of a stock. It's crazy to think that. I mean, it's not crazy to think $180. Kmer speaking incredibly positive of me. Oh, that's not good. Luckily, he's always done that though. He He One of the few things I could say is he's always been kind of a very long. It's just because he wants Jensen to be on his show. That's That's about it. Um it's named after Nvidia. Really? Yeah. Yeah. I think one of his I I think one of his dogs Let me see is dogs um framer's dogs named Oh, no. His name is his his dog's name seven years ago is Nvidia. That's a weird name for a dog. Um, anyways, Nike, as you can see, Nike is now back around the same level it was when it crashed back in March 2020 because of the pandemic. Um, and tomorrow they they report earnings. Hello. Hello, Ragav. How are you today? And tomorrow they report earnings. Probably this is going to be the worst report for them in a long long time. Not me saying, them saying it three months ago. Uh, revenue down, margins down, profitability down, everything down. Um, for for Nike. So, if we go quickly have a look here on uh on fiscal. Oh, Martin. Martin, you you should you should definitely you should definitely uh change the name. If you have a dog or a cat or a goldfish, I don't know. For a for an Nvidia an Nvidia millionaire, you should you should definitely have at least something Nvidia related um in your house. Should have named the dog GeForce. GeForce actually would have been a much better name than Nvidia for a dog.
 Well, well, Matthew corrected me. is his name is Everest Nvidia. That's even worse.
 Oh my gosh. Nothing nothing can.
 Poor dog. Everest Nvidia. The heck is this? Oh my god. Anyways, uh as you can see, revenue for Nike expected to come down around $10.7 billion for tomorrow and the quarter after that. and only the quarter afterwards, which makes sense, uh, does it expect, well, does the market expect it to to go up a little bit for revenue? EPS- wise, uh, story is not that much better. Right now, we're expecting it to be around 12 cents midpoint, but afterwards, it's expected to go to go back up a little bit. Surprisingly enough, the average analyst price target sits at around $72 or so with the higher end at $120 uh. This was I think an analyst uh covered I think covered it yesterday or two days ago. Basically saying that this is a quarter of reset and it's only going up from here. Well, hopefully hopefully.
 What does it do? AI Nike AI. I mean, you know what? Why not at this point? Um, if we quickly have a look at the different segments, of course, the majority, well, not the major, the large part comes from footwear, comes at no surprise. So, anyone that says, "Oh, why should you compare it to On Holdings on only does shoes? Nike does more than shoes." Well, first of all, on also does apparel. And as you can see here for Nike, and this is on an annual basis, uh, how much more? $ 47.9 billion. 30.5 billion out of it is footwear. Okay, so that is the biggest segment. Then you've got apparel and as you can see it's been coming down. It's been coming down. It's not great at all. Even if we look at at quarterly, I mean it's not great. Uh and Neil, I I don't know how closely if you follow this one. What has caused that kind of slowdown in in footwear? Is it just purely competition from companies like on um and other thing or is it more macroeconomics in in the consumer spend that's actually spending uh less money on on brands like like Nike?
 So it's it's a mix of of a lot of things. It's a mix of one competition the likes of on Deckers right Hoka shoes for example Adidas it's it's a mix of competition and them completely screwing up their own strategy during the pandemic uh because during the pandemic they were of course heavily heavily moving towards digital and now well now clearly relationships also with stores inventory buildup and all of that is not Great. So for a company like that, cuz again, it's shoes. It's shoes. It's apparel. If you have a lot of competition, I mean, I buy a pair of shoes. I buy a new one when I see a hole in it. I'm not going to buy 10 Nike pairs uh just for the sake of it. And even the sneaker heads, right? If you follow a bit the sneaker heads that the sneaker market even that has has died down extremely uh over the past two years and a half or so which of course impacts the whole the whole uh sneaker market and the whole well Nike culture here. So it's a mix of everything. It's a mix of everything. mismanagement I'd say is at the top of it and then uh competition for sure because if we go and look at on for example um on holdings if we look at how fast they've been growing of course smaller base but the last three years keer 45.7% forward two years 25.6 six and wow 15.5. So
 yeah, it's not like there is no demand. There is, but just more competition of course.
 Yeah, these are the only shoes I wear. Smaller company. It's not cheap. Of course, the shoes are not cheap. I also own a pair, but this is a company that has been growing uh a lot. Of course, growth rates come down as well while the overall revenue becomes bigger and bigger, but it's still expected to grow above 20% for the next coming fiscal years. Not something that uh that Nike can say. Of course, as you can see, revenue-wise, it's very very small, right? 4.5 billion. Nike is 10 times that. Um but Nike is not growing. So,
 yeah. I mean, I I this is one of the things that I very rare. I don't know. People always say it's risky to invest in tech, but I feel like investing in retail and stuff like this is very risky. What kind of mo do you have where someone could just change uh one influencer can create a massive uh drive for one of your competitors and really cuz I mean with shoes it's very hard to kind of you can't do like oh man with this shoe I'm running two miles faster and then not many people care or anything like that. I mean, two miles faster is pretty insane, but you can't really see the performance is what I'm trying to say on spec.
 Athletes care, but yeah, we don't care much.
 But the consumers um been saying their products qualities are getting poorer and poorer. Yes, the shoes are getting more expensive and the quality gets worse for sure. Um but yeah, on the on the fat side of it, look, on is a is a growing business. Uh, every every day I see people suddenly wearing on. This was definitely not the case a couple of years ago. Um, can it disappear three years from now? It can, but I I don't see that happening at all. I don't see that happening at all. Um, Nike's mode is just the sheer brand recognition and marketing that they can do worldwide. That's about it. Cuz product wise, it's really not that great. Uh, I mean, apparel-wise, Lululemon is is amazing. Of course, you pay for it. Uh, it's not it's not cheap, but yeah, that's that's the only thing that's the only thing I I can say, but on is I don't think disappearing. They also have Roger Federer as a brand icon and investor. And I think the only time I touched on on touched on on on my channel was a couple of years ago and I said that they're going to move the same way they're going to making they're going to make moves like uh Jordan did with Nike and Air Jordan but Feder with his tennis and that's exactly what we're seeing now with the tennis players being sponsored by an wearing on shoes on apparel and you are going to see uh this brand continue to grow more and more for sure. Um, but I hate running. So, I just don't like the fact that I have to run in circles for nothing. I like to do like 10 miles and stuff like that. Like, uh,
 I hate running, but I like to do 10 miles.
 No, the the event the event like when there is an event and you run like with 5,000 people, 10,000 people, I like that because it's like ah energizing. But if I have to go now to run in the park, forget about it. I hate it. How are is on shoes quality? I mean, I enjoy them. I You have a pair, right, Neil? Do Do you like them?
 Yeah. Yeah, I like them. I like them. But I also have But my main pair for running running is actually uh Nike running shoes. We here to do well in fashion stocks, you have to watch the cool kids. It's so funny, Neil. The first time I started to see on shoes were probably like four years ago and it was my dad buying them non-stop. It wasn't no cool kid. If I would have listened to my dad and see where he was spending, he would buy like a pair every other week. Um, and I'm like, yo, if I would have bought I wonder when the company went public. Um, but I'm pretty sure if I would have followed him, um, maybe I would be a little bit up on on on on the fashion game. H maybe not too much.
 50%.
 50%.
 Um
 but yeah, it's quite interesting because remember New Balance um the New Balance shoes that the that the dads used to wear like the dads in jeans and polo and they have like the New Balance shoes. Suddenly
 bad about that.
 No, I I
 I'm a dad. Just kidding.
 I I liked it. But when I wore it, it was like No, no, no. But today suddenly everybody wears New Balance. Like why you why are you wearing old dad shoes? Like what do you mean it's now trending? Like yeah yeah sure sheep. Um talking about I don't know somehow segue here into Intel. There were a lot of thoughts here on Intel. We do have um Danielle says is it me or buying Intel at a market cap equity ratio one a bargain? And then Anita says Intel does seem like a bargain. I think I mean it does seem that as a bargain if it makes the changes it has to make right Neil I think that's that's the most important things if it obviously continues to bleed out in market share if it continues to do not that good in the man in the foundry business then no it's definitely not a bargain but if you do believe management is able to turn everything around which I I don't see it even though I don't own it I don't see it as impossible the thing that I do see though is there might be some investors that are expecting the change to happen right away. And in this semiconductor industry, it could take a year uh like you mentioned right Neil, you're you're for for that Intel pick, you're like you're giving it four quarters to make some changes here and there. It could take a year, maybe even more before you actually see some changes into the CPU design, into the CPU architecture, into the manufacturing. I think the manufacturing business might have a little bit earlier since we're already in that 18A. So, that one can actually show some results right in in the near future. Um, but it's it looks like a bargain if you are patient and believe in the turnaround story. If you are patient and it does turn around, this in my opinion will be a multi multibagger. But if is that big if.
 Yeah. But yeah, if is the big Yeah, it's the big it's the big if. But the riskreward makes sense. Like if it does not totally work out, it's not like it goes to $10 or something. Like we're already close to book value, so it's how much lower can you go? Is you're not going to go that much lower anyways. Um, so yeah, another very interesting AI company. Just kidding. Uh, Krux, have you heard about that? Krux is a a market beater, by the way, over the past 5 years. 188% uh, since it went public. Uh, 600 well a long time ago, 66%. Crux is of course again one of those companies maybe a fad maybe not although it's been existing for a long long time so I don't know if you can call it a fad anymore but trailing P6 forward PE 7.7 revenue over the past 3 years compounded 17.7% forward two years only 1.9% and EPS basically remaining flat here uh but margins are insane for for this company 59 29.3% gross, 26.6 EIDA, 4 24.9 operating margin, uh 23.4 net, and 21.6% free cash flow margin for for Crux. It's insane um how good this business actually actually is. Um I've been a loyal Crocs Crocs wearer for I don't know 15 years plus or something like that. I don't know why I'm always ahead of the curve. Always ahead of the curve with my with my Crocs. Another good value here. We're talking about value and not tech anymore on this uh live stream. I think it's Abberrombian Fitch here as well. I think a very cheap uh retail company that has definitely crushed the market over the past uh over the past 5 years. It is experiencing of course a huge draw down at the moment. But yeah, margins are also quite good for this type of company. Uh, revenue-wise 4% for the next two years. But I mean, the P of 7.5% makes sense. Average analyst price target $113. Good value if you want to if you want to get exposure to non tech to non- tech names, I think. Um, so yeah, Abber Crumbi
 non tech names. What is this nonsense? Neo, going back to the stone age.
 Uh, stone age that's up 700% over the past five years. Yeah.
 Okay. But can you do AI? Here's the question. Um, here we have one. How many stocks do you hold in your portfolio overall? What should be the ideal number in your case? I think it's I mean now Neil I probably own about 20 to 25 stocks which might seem like a lot. Um but my core pro my core market my core portfolio is probably like 10 stocks. 10 stocks make up like 75 to 80% of my portfolio. Those 10 stocks are pretty much the ones I really care about on like an earnings basis. The other ones I try to do are more like speculative plays that can kind of grow, but I would say 80% maybe even more of my overall mar of my overall portfolio is in less than 10 stocks. Um so um those are my heavy allocations. Uh I mean Nvidia is like 30% um of of of that. Um and then I have a lot of other semiconductor MTEC companies. Um now what's the ideal number? I don't know what's the ideal number. I think I mean there's people that do fine holding five stocks. There's people that do fine holding 50 stocks. I think it's all what you feel comfortable with and what you end up kind of finding your experience. I I've tried all right. I mean when I first started I was I think I only had like two stocks when I first started was I think I had AMD and Disney. I think those were the two stocks in my portfolio and that's all I I really cared about. Then I came to um AMD target $200. Nice. I'm I'm up there. Um then I had um during the COVID era I had like 50 stocks and I learned that wasn't for me. It really wasn't. I can't with 50 stocks. I didn't feel like if one did good it really made a difference in my portfolio. I feel like I've gotten a good hunch on certain technology. Um and I rather make big bets on smaller plays on small amount of companies than small bets on a lot of companies if that makes sense. But I understand the risk that comes with it, right? Obviously, if I'm wrong with my with my bets, then um it can definitely hurt my portfolio. So, you come with risk-to-reward ratios. Yeah. I mean, if I also had way more companies in my portfolio than what I have uh right now. And it works for a while until it doesn't, right? until until then you feel like h it's just too much work to follow every single company. Like again when things go up you don't ask questions. When things go down you suddenly need to research more and more and so having too many stocks is just yeah impossible impossible to follow in the in the longer run and so yeah the portfolios also become a little bit a little bit smaller. Um, and then if it's companies in the same industry, then I guess it's easier also to follow because if one says one thing, then you can maybe see how it can affect the other the other stock, the other companies in the same industry. So that's another way to to think about it. Uh, we have 3 minutes to go until the market opens. It does seem like we've talked about the Melius upgrade. Um, but there there was also another upgrade. It does seem like AMD is definitely attracting more and more uh attention these days for sure. Whether it's because the stock has gone up or whether it's because well suddenly AMD is actually making some some big moves after what they've told us during the um advancing AI event. But as we've said yesterday, um during yesterday's episode when we looked at the price to sales uh PE ratio for for AMD, we are of course now closer to the to the usual average for them, but but this is not the usual AMD anymore, right? This is an AMD still expected to grow above 20% for two years. margin wise things are looking are looking quite good. Um and so yeah, things are definitely getting more more interesting around the infamous advanced money destroyer now uh advanced money doubler or or what uh was mentioned. Neil, now that you know we're getting a lot of positive traction with the MI 355 and that it came it come out on schedule, um are you still hopeful of Lisa Sue or the team giving us uh actual maybe number of of sales? Um yo, that fly needs to get out ASAP, Neo. You can't keep getting distracted like that. Um, do you think Lisa Sue her team is gonna finally give us maybe more of a at least maybe not a true number, but at least a baseline um of of what to expect in the AI space? You know what the baseline will be, right?
 Yeah. See, I don't want to hear tens of billions. I want to hear
 the double digits.
 Oh, double digit. Yeah. I mean, I would
 double digits. if they don't give us an actual number at least in the twi be like h we'll be closer to the mid teens or like closer to like the twow 20s I would rather hear that than tens of billions but um yeah I I I'm still I don't think but I would love to hear something like that I think that would make a lot of these analysts a lot uh very very happy
 yeah I mean
 market's opening come on Neil where's your timer where's your timer
 first of all I have it open But as you know, it's always couple of seconds until it refreshes. So what's the point? Um when when did they first give us guidance last year about the uh AI revenue? At the start of the year or a quarter in or something like that?
 Mad, I'm not sure, Neil. All I know is companies are jumping like small caps are still riding the wave. Nvidas is up another 8% 7% today after being up like 7% yesterday. Um we have Soundhound. You know things are are are getting pretty pretty heated when Soundhound is up nearly 6%. Um
 how much is it right now? 12 13 15.
 Uh 10.
 Ah okay.
 Did Neil just say Sound is going to 12 and$13? I think we got that breaking news here. What? $3. What did you say?
 Um, your Nebulus is up 6% uh today. Um,
 Nebus. Yeah, that's crazy.
 Uh, let's see what else. Micron is down right now. 1% in the usual uh earnings cheaters, I'd say.
 Yeah.
 Um, let's refresh one last time. Um, but overall, it seems like semiconductor stocks are definitely nice. a nice green today. Intel's pretty much flat. We do have um MD up 140 now. Him's rebounding 4%. Um what else do we have here? Big movers.
 Any big tech movers? Let's see. Oklo is up six. Reddit is up 7%. Another nice another 7% there. Google up 1%. you on
 I mean um um Reddit.
 No,
 I do not. But but I did cover it when it was much lower. So I feel better.
 Oh, nice, nice, nice.
 So I feel better. Um Waldo say you guys need a bell like Felix. I thought Amit was the guy with the bell. Did Felix the guy steal that from him? We need to be creative and do something else.
 Yeah. also rather not talk about uh about him. So we'll continue here. Jesse here. Hi guys, I have AMD 28%, Google 23%, Amazon 20%, Meta 20%, HIMS 5%. What do you think about this? I'm willing to add SoFi. I like your live videos at market opens. Great job, guys. I mean, I like the um I like the conviction first, I would say. And I at least on those big I don't on those big names I like it but it's just with a position a portfolio like this you have to really understand these companies um Jesse and hopefully you do because if you don't want to sc get scared out um I think that's one of the scary things when you own a big position is if you don't know your company and you see maybe some bearish things um you uh you start to get pretty scared. Um, but if you were to ask me, do I think the chances of this outperforming the market is high? I think yeah, I think the chances of it outperforming the market is high. It's not impossible to underperform the market, but it seems like a market a market beat a portfolio to me. What about to you, Neil? Yeah. I mean, I like I own uh AD, Google, Amazon, Meta.
 Yeah.
 So, I'm willing to add SoFi. Yes. I mean also with A depends is it a new buy or is it a old buy. If it's a new buy, you're paying quite a lot for it. If it's an old buy, meaning a month ago, you're double. You're already up double. So, well, the great thing is those were kind of small positions, too. Even if it was a um I mean, compared to its overall portfolio, um even if they were new buys, four or five percent. Uh, no, no, no. We don't need another bell. Yeah, I was not going to make a bell or anything like that. Anyways,
 up 6%. It does seem like the market I mean I I would expect coin to be one of those benefactors of stable coins and the whole uh process that's happening right now with that. So, uh but that's wild. That's a massive stretch like that is things that make me a little bit concerned. You know,
 you want to see a real stretch. It's the circle one.
 This although over the past couple of days it has come down. Uh what happened with the other meme guys? 175 still.
 Yeah. Yeah. Still pretty pretty pretty good. Um what did I want to check? The local effect. How many means in my core weave? Yoga is actually down.
 It's actually down. 141. 141. Thank for the cover.
 Appreciate. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Um yeah, my my only issues with what's I mean my only issues I I think my portfolio is reaching alltime highs every single day now. But
 whoa, big baller, says the guy who pays a thousand bucks for LLMs on a monthly basis. Um, my my only issue is that a lot of the stocks are just overbought right now, like almost all of them. Um, and yeah, Nebus is making retesting 55, although RSI wise we're not as high. So I'm again I wouldn't be surprised if we see a a pullback happening soon because like how much more can it go up right for all of the for all these stock um why do I consider core hater
 I mean have you seen this seen the price yeah
 have you seen
 I think he's talking more about meme valuation than a meme stock two different things right Neil I would think
 yes no it's it's a of course it's it's a legit company Right. It's just meme movement. It's up almost like 400% in two months. It's it's quite it's quite crazy.
 Quite crazy. Um
 but yeah, again it's not just core weave. It's a lot of other companies out there as well. Um what did do today? Still 50 52 also very very overbought um right now. So yeah, the only issue I have is just that it seems like a lot of stocks are stretched. Yeah, agree. It's it's it's like that risk-to-reward ratio is not in our favor for new money in in a lot of these positions. Yeah. No, for sure. And then uh we've talked about it before, right? Max 7 have been mostly underperforming this year. Um some of them have outperformed the market. I think Meta is still doing fine. Microsoft now as well. I think Nvidia is is right around the same. Um yeah. So voila. Um
 so that that's I think especially Google today again some strength making our way back to 170. Thank god. Um
 but yeah it's it seems like there is a lot of chasing happening right now. Oh, and when there's a lot of chasing happening, it's always uh good to maybe chill, relax, don't make sudden moves that you will probably regret.
 Um, you know, yesterday actually because I had to pick NASA just to close the show out now, unless you have something to add. Um, I had to pick NFAC at the end and I was looking at uh January 2027 uh call options. I mean, if we do get like uh the incentives of for for solar and all of that that does stay cuz I think yesterday there was news that it might stay. Um there are some very very cheap leaps for for these solar names because if the incentive does does stay, I think I think these things can can skyrocket like double in a year and you get your double way before your call option of course expire. Um very interesting to to see. I don't know. I don't know why I wanted to share that but just
 thank you. No, I appreciate it. No, but I mean it's true. I mean, with a lot of these companies that sometimes like it's they've taken quite a hit. Um, call options far off the the time frame. Um, definitely seem attractive if things seem a little bit um better than the overall market might be expecting.
 Um, also don't don't spend too many too much of your um money in uh in stock holding as well. Yeah, I mean I I checked and if if it I don't know if I put if I buy and it cost me 800 800 bucks for for one well for 100 shares but why one contract I put in 800 and if it hits I'm like out with 15,000 or something like that. I'm like okay why like why why not why not maybe try try it. Um plus you like you have one and a half years so you have plenty of time to see how things how things evolve with it. But uh enough
 I I would say I like this stuff from Mel the money well track. I I think right now as we are seeing kind of these massive stocks go up and if hedge funds and and just big big money owns a lot of these stocks they're going to want to um keep those gains. And I think right now a lot of the like Google and a lot of these Max 7s haven't done too well. So I do think eventually there's going to be a transition of money of hey look let me lock in some of the gains and let me go into safer plays um later into throughout the year. So so I can uh say look my performance is so great I'm a great investor uh right now. So, uh, I know we talked about new money and for me, and I think for you, Neil, right, I think new money is definitely going into more companies like Google at the moment and and and players like that that, um, might not have seen such a crazy run up. Yeah, I agree. I agree. I didn't even notice that Microsoft is up 42% since the lows in April. And look at like since the earnings report, this thing has just gone up and up and up and up and up. That's crazy. All right, Neil, I think that's it for us today. And
 that is it
 for us
 for this week. Unless unless um maybe Micron gives us something crazy after hours. We might be in tomorrow. I think you might have mentioned that at the beginning of an episode. But
 yeah,
 for a quick update, we might be back
 uh tomorrow. But if not then you can see us on our own channel because I do think we will both cover micron probably later later today and we will see each other Monday unless there is some holiday but I don't think that enough
 I don't think there is
 enough with those uh with those things. So anyways thank you all for joining really appreciate it and uh we shall see each other either tomorrow or on Monday. Bye-bye.
 Sounds good. Bye.