This week is going to be crazy if you own companies like Nvidia, AMD, and Intel because we are at CES 2026 and all three companies are going to announce some crazy solutions for this AI market. So, let's take a closer look in today's episode. I want to thank the Mly Fool for sponsoring this video and check out fool.com/hose for the 10 best stocks to buy now. With that link, you get a promotional offer for their subscription service. Now, let's continue with today's episode. All right, so on today's episode, I want to take a closer look at these three players that are going to be reporting at CES 2026. Now, for those that are not familiar with CES 2020, with CES in general, it's a trade show that happens every year in Las Vegas, it mainly focuses on the consumer space. So, this is where you hear cool products entering the overall market. I mean, maybe you might not be familiar with CES, but you might know that every January, you might start to see a lot of shorts go viral with crazy techs. That tech is usually showcased in CES, the rollup TVs, whatever. Um, and these three players obviously are crucial in the AI ecosystem, some a little bit more than others, but also very crucial in the consumer space. So on today's episode, I want to take a closer look at what are some of the things to expect, what are some of the schedules, what you're going to get from this channel, if you follow it, and some of the content I will be providing throughout the upcoming week. Now, before we look at CES, this week is also when we're starting to get some earnings. Wednesday, for example, we have Apply Digital, which is a interesting player in the AI infrastructure space. On Thursday, January 8th, we also have Air Test System. Uh, and next week, next week we do have starting the 15th, we have TSM. We also have uh TSM reporting, right? So, earnings are starting back up. You're going to want to stay tuned to this channel. This is the best place you're going to get any semiconductor and AI news. All right. Now, let's go back to the main topic at hand. First, I want to take a closer look at Nvidia. So, Nvidia on Monday, on Monday, uh, Jensen, the CEO of Nvidia, is going to talk about some of the solutions here in the AI ecosystem. So there's two things at these events. They usually have some form of team notes and here we're going to have kind of Jensen talk about what's next in the AI market. Now again this is typically focused on the consumer space. So here may I but I don't think we're going to get any new GPUs. We might hear a lot more about the robotics market and the automotive market. That's where AI is definitely kind of taking place in the CP in the consumer space. maybe in laptops as well, but it's not impossible. It's not impossible, but it's going to be pretty rare to hear any major announcements of the AI data center space. Maybe this year might be different just because of the crazy AI uh craze that's happening um all over in the massive data center investments. But I would say if you have any expectations, the high percentage of getting purely consumer products is very high. Maybe a small tippbits here and there in the data sensor side could be possible but typically typically it's not likely but typically we're not in the AI cycle like we are right now. Now outside of that so here we have um CES foundry uh we also have various events you can see physical AI is definitely a big portion that they want to talk about physical AI the big bang of robotics and autonomous vehicles now at schedule like glance uh Nvidia has kind of that Jensen Hang CEO at live at CES 2026 they also have a showcase so if you go to their whatever respected hotel they're in you have a lot of their actual products just showcase. So, while they might not talk too much about the data center products or if they do, you will get a lot of information at the trade show and I will be taking a lot of great pictures, a lot of great images that I will be sharing here to the overall community and obviously my own personal community. What the chipappen.com if you are serious about AI and semiconductor investing, use code 2026 for 33% off. But on Tuesday, we can see more talking about industrial AI revolution, open uh Cosmo, which is more the robotic space, AI takes physical forms, which is the robotics. So, it seems like this is going to be a a year in CES where we hear a lot about the robotics market either in the consumer space or in the manufacturing space, which then at the end of the day ties down to the robotic space. So, pretty excited here for this event. I am personally going because I do have a lot of interviews and a lot of meetings that I'm gonna see with Nvidia. I have some pretty cool stuff that we're going to be uh discussing later throughout this channel. So, make sure to stay tuned for that. Now, we can see on January 6 at 8 a.m. JP Morgan CES fireside chat is happening. So, if you are curious about Nvidia, definitely stay tuned. Now, these are great charts that are only possible due to fiscal.ai and use fiscal.ai/os AI/ Jose for 15% off. But for Nvidia, at least for Nvidia, the consumer market, while it is nice, it's nowhere near as crucial for the data center market. And the reason I showcase this is because it's a little bit different from some of the other players. Right? For I I've added the gaming, the professional, and the automotive market. And it's not even $25 billion in the last 12 months where the data center market is near $170 billion. So you can see the difference between the actual price here and how much money is really mattering for Nvidia in the AI space. Nvidia at least in the financials is really dependent on the data center side. Now we do have AMD. So AMD also has a keynote on January 5th, 2026 on Monday. They are a little bit later and I'm pretty excited about here because again CEO is going to be there now in I I just did an episode yesterday on AMD. If you want to learn more about my AMD weekly definitely check it out. But AMD wants to talk about AIPCs, gaming, data center and edge AI. They also really want to focus about the advancing in automotive. So automotive solutions, this will be one that's pretty exciting and again mainly consumers. So you hear about AIPCs, you hear about gaming, you hear about edge AI, but it is cool that they did talk about data centers that we might hear about the data center market. Again, the data center market is pretty much what's driving a lot of the growth overall. Now for AMD, the consumer space is a lot more important than for Nvidia. For example, the data center market most recent quarter was 4.3 billion. The consumer, which you add the client in gaming, was about $4 billion. So for AMD, if you do see some cool products in the consumer side, this can definitely help out the top end and the bottom line number, which would be exciting for semiconductor and AMD investors. Now I will talk about some things that are expected in in a bit, but next, Intel. I think Intel probably has the most impactful for this. And for all these typically these are events that create some hype beforehand and you can see stock prices maybe pull up pull up and if the hype doesn't meet if if it if what they showcase doesn't meet the hype stock prices do tend to go down. That's typically the case but just like anything typically doesn't mean it's always going to be the case. It's not 100% guaranteed. So there is the possibility that maybe the hype isn't enough based on what they showcase. Typically, I'm not trading on this uh on these events, right? If I'm owning any of these companies as long-term investments, and these keynotes are not going to change my mind at all. But for Intel, there is something important in my opinion. Intel is going to be launching the Panther Lake product. Now the Panther Lake product is their upcoming CPU for the consumer space is a big big big deal for them. The reason is a big deal for them is this is the first platform for the consumer space that's going to be built on Intel's 18A. This is where a lot of the investments has been going for AMD Intel's manufacturing 18A and hopefully hopefully in the future 14A. So if this actually showcases some amazing performance, some great product, it could be a great indication that Intel manufacturing is going in the right direction. So any updates here on how Panther Lake is doing, on how 18A is doing could really create some volatility in the stock price. Now for Intel, the consumer market is extremely extremely dependent on it. I mean most of this revenue $8.5 billion in the last quarter came from the client computing group. Now within this right within this the data center market is still about $4 billion and the Intel foundry is about another $4 billion. Now the Intel foundry if you do see great demand for Panther Lake they're going to be manufacturing more and more and more. This could actually be a nice boost for the foundry business. So, if there was one that the true consumer market can really be a massive game changer for it, I think it's for Intel mainly because of that 18A showcase. If 18A does well, it could also excite other customers. H Intel did really well with the 18A, maybe we should start looking at them for the 14A market. So, if you're Intel shareholder, definitely definitely keep a closer eye on this event. Now, there is a pretty cool article at WCCF Tech where it kind of talks about the previews of what's expected in these players for Nvidia. We don't expect any new consumer GPU launches, not even supers, which is extremely wild. Uh, typically you kind of get a refresh cycle if you don't get a new consumer GPU. So, that's not expected, mainly due to the crazy crazy shortage in memory. For Intel, we expect to hear Panther Lake and also a refresh in Arrow Lake and maybe possibly something in their consumer GPU. Now, for AMZ, we do expect the Gorgon Point, which is their APUs for the laptops, the Ryzen AI, which have done amazing. I think they're even done in some handheld devices. Also, a refresh in CPUs, but no new GPUs is expected for AMDs either. Now, now, now, while this is a consumer event, this article actually believes that there could be some data center updates. Maybe Nvidia can give us some updates about the Blackwell Ultra Ramp, some future architecture changes, not architecture changes, but some changes to the Ruben ecosystem, some more announcements on Rackcale AI clusters, networking, and inference updates. For AMD, we might hear more about the MI400 and about their server CPU, the Venice, which is their sixth generation. Or Intel might even talk a little bit about that inference GPU they talked a little bit about. Again, I think it's more going to be about the 18A. So again, typically we don't hear about AI and data center too much during CES. It's usually very very rare, but we are in a rare time in the tech space when the data sensor market is crucial for a lot of the future innovations in consumer AI. So maybe maybe we do get some updates. And for Nvidia, they even have some form of analyst Q&A events this upcoming CES. So while maybe we might not get the update during the CES keynotes, we actually might get some of the updates during the analyst calls. So, let's find out a little bit more. And if you want to stay tuned, this channel is going to be providing a lot of great data within the next few days. So, make sure you hit the thumbs up, make sure you hit the subscribe button, and see you all next