[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] the club. We're [Music] Hello and good morning. Welcome back to the breakfast show with myself Neil Couch investor and my co-host although you should be on the other side. Hola much better Jose. Good morning, good afternoon, good evening to everyone watching, but good morning to you.
 Yeah, what's going on, Neil? Good morning. And and thank you for switching us around. I felt a little bit weird on that side. Um, but yeah, a lot of great n a lot of news. I don't know, great news, a lot of news impacting the sector like always. I saw your title, Neil. We have uh an IPO um filing that just came out yesterday. Um, we also have some thoughts on, well, I have some thoughts on kind of like the big beautiful bill and what it means for AI and semiconductor investor. That's what my title is focused on. Uh, so good morning. Good morning to everybody here. Appreciate appreciate um the support. It means a lot. It definitely gets the streams going. So, thank you.
 Yeah. No, for for sure, for sure. Good morning to everyone. Lisa is in the house. the the better version of uh of the Lisa of the Lisas out there. Um so yeah, there is I mean there was the first question uh first comment here that we got. So we're going to talk uh today about yeah yesterday tech fell. So we'll talk a little bit about that. Tech fell, value went up. We have the announcement that Figma uh is going to go public. Remember Adobe tried to acquire Figma, didn't happen. and Adobe had to pay a billion dollars in termination fee. And so this might or might not revive Adobe, right, the stock. Um, we'll we'll see what happens. I have a couple of couple of things to share from from uh from Figma. Um, and then yeah, just general macro stuff. Uh, you want to talk a little bit about the tripleB? So, and then of course we can answer questions as well. So, let me first maybe share the heat map of yesterday cuz yesterday was a very interesting day. Um, yesterday was the day.
 Was not everything red, Neil? In my mind, everything was kind of red yesterday. Is is that not not a true true statement? Yeah, yesterday was the day they almost caught Jack Sparrow. No. Uh, yesterday was a was a red day as you can see. I mean, red day markets were flat basically. back. Yes, maybe red a little bit, but nothing really crazy. So, yeah, you have big names like like Nvidia down 3% almost, Meta 2.5, Palanteer four over four, Broadcom same thing, Tesla down a bit more. We've talked about that actually in the market open yesterday, but you then have value plays like United Health that were up 4.5%. Uh I believe PayPal was also up yesterday. So, it seems like yesterday was a day where tech got beaten down a little bit. Again, not something crazy, right?
 Yeah.
 I mean, we we've been going up and up and up for the last two months or so. So, I mean, big big freaking deal if if you drop 4% after going up, especially Nvidia. Nvidia has gone up for for seven consecutive trading days. So,
 Oh, wow.
 A breather.
 Yeah, exactly. one one one little uh one little drop I don't I don't think we'll change uh I don't think we'll change that much and yeah may maybe for the others maybe for the value players like a United Health going up a little bit makes sense as well. Um I'm now very happy that I have a couple of shares to balance it to balance it out a little bit. Of course it's it's not going to move the needle much but I take I'll take what I can get. Uh, PayPal was also up I think yesterday. Um, we can see here on on the watch list who was up. Apple was up because Yeah, they because somehow they they're a value stock now. They're no longer a tech play. That's why
 Intel was up%. Another one. Not a tech play anymore. Exactly. Uh, the trade desk was up 2% and then Reddit another 1%. Um but I do think that um PayPal was also Yeah, PayPal was also up 1.3%. So it was a a bizarro a bizarro market yesterday, but it makes sense.
 Yeah. What did we have yesterday outside kind of like um I I I feel like Jerome did he talk yesterday? That's again the market I It's your friend. Yo, Jar, what did you say yesterday? Um, but I think the only real big thing was the big beautiful bill, right? That the that I followed, right? I don't know if there was other stuff out there. Um, so I wanted to see if you again I'm I'm too stuck in the semiconductor space to really care much about anything else. No, I don't I don't I don't think that uh our friend uh Jerome spoke yesterday. Um I I think the focus was on the big beautiful
 was that it? Oh okay.
 I think
 I know there was other other macro events that happened or any reports.
 Yeah.
 Quick hello to David and Dul.
 Lisa says yes he did. Sigh.
 Really? My god. Neil, this is what I have you here for and you don't you're not even doing your work. Oh my gosh. L's on chat for for for Neil.
 Let's see. Jerome Paul. He spoke yesterday. What did he say? What was We would know if you if you were on top of it. I know. No, I know there was a hearing what was it last week, but I I didn't see or I didn't hear anything from Jerry yesterday, but uh
 Oh, Mark says he was um PA was Yep. There we go. Thanks, Mark. Appreciate it.
 He was in Portugal, Neil. He was in Portugal chilling a little bit. It was an hour split between six chiefs. He didn't say much. Okay. So, I guess um I guess that's why I mean I I am here on X and usually when when he says something like you see his face pop up in every other post, but this time I'm like I'm scrolling and scrolling and scrolling and the only thing I see is is nonp power stuff. So, um
 Ah, no. Yeah. No. Okay. I found one useful one.
 All right. Go ahead. Go ahead. Neil, give us give us some information.
 Give us that alpha.
 Vamos. So, we have Jerry or overreacted. In fact, we didn't.
 Chair, would the Fed have cut more by now if it weren't for the tariffs?
 Oh, yeah. I didn't remember this.
 So, I I do think that I think that's right. We're in effect we went on hold uh when we when we saw the size of the tariffs and where and essentially all all inflation forecasts for the United States went up materially as a consequence of the tariffs. So uh we we didn't overreact at in fact we didn't react at all. We're we're simply taking some time as long as the US economy is in a in solid shape. We think the the the prudent thing to do is to wait and learn more and see what those effects might be.
 Chair would the Fed
 Yeah. So now I remember that he said this that he said that they would have cut rates if not for the tariff situation. um which I mean could be seen as a bullish thing especially if the tariffs do not change anything drastically which currently is the case right currently for every CPI PPI PC reading
 it was better than feared um so two rate cuts this year I think are going to happen um and then yeah currently the dot plot is one next year and one the year after that but I think they're just going to do another two I mean in theory What I hear from from that is if they get more data that nothing is really changing due to tariffs, it's just it's the green light for for cuts. That's how I would predict that, right? Um people we see here like too late, right? Um slow. Um to me, it's just someone who's just like looking for data. Uh it seems to finalize the point and maybe sometimes the data might be a little bit too slow. Um but that's how I see it, right? So if if if data comes out, it continues to come out that everything looks good, it it gives that green light for um for massive massive cut for for for cuts in general.
 Yeah. I mean again the longer we can stretch this rate cutting cycle, I guess the better it will be for uh
 for the bull market for the bull market to continue. Um so then we're getting a lot of questions here from Figma. Um, not I I I think you did a video on your channel yesterday about it. Did you? No. Or was it just a live stream that I saw the thumbnail for? Maybe that was it. Um, but uh do you This is one that we saw Adobe want to acquire. Is it like a competitor of Adobe? I don't really recall too much uh about Figma. um or do they have more of like a unique product that is maybe not as competitive to your Adobe? And I saw someone kind of compare it to Canva. Um as a content creator, Canva is probably the one I use almost on a on a daily basis. So um any quick oneonone on how these compare against those two players and your thoughts on on this IPO? Yeah. So I mean the main reason why Adobe wanted to acquire Figma is because they see it as one an added value and two yes a competitor a competitor in that in that space. Um I mean it was a very expensive acquisition. I think I think $20 billion um was the number and so I mean let me let me share here a couple of
 I also think it's wild that there's that thing that if the deal doesn't go through you still have to pay some crazy amount of money.
 Yeah. I mean it the the thing is it's the deal not going through not because you don't want it. The regulators didn't allow it and that cost you a billion dollars.
 Yeah. pretty
 uh pretty big deal. So we have here some information provided by our nice partner here fiscal.ai previously Finch. So Figma right now they they filed their S1 13 million monthly active users. 95% of Fortune 500 companies use Figma. $821 million in trading 12 months revenue that was up 49% year-over-year. net revenue retention rate of 132% and non-GAAP operating margin of 18%. So you can see just based on these numbers right here why Adobe wanted to acquire them, right? These are growth rates that you're not seeing with Adobe anymore. Um, this would have accelerated the growth for Adobe and would probably have made Adobe worth uh quite a lot more than the I think right now $400 or a bit less than uh than $400. So, it it would have made it would have made sense if we look at here the ARR by annual cohort through uh the last the last quarter. I mean, looks looks like a looks like a pretty good uh pretty good business with a ton of of momentum there. And and here you see basically revenue-wise how they've been growing. Now, there is I think one period right here where I don't know why, but total operating expenses have increased by 10fold just for this part right here. So I don't know if this was I mean probably this was a onetime thing uh onetime compensation across the board and they just put it in R&D sales and marketing GNA and that's why you're basically seeing usually I mean total operating expenses.
 The only other thing I could think of Neo is maybe this company started to invest a lot in kind of like some AI contracts for for training or something like I don't know what they they might I mean we're seeing that I mean stuff like that might be more like um whatever they're working on or could be like on a on a yearly basis there that it might be one quarter that gets hit pretty hard. Yeah. But one quarter usually usually this thing gets stretched out right?
 Uh you would still stretch it out throughout the
 and these are operating expenses so
 not a capex. So, I guess I don't know. It's probably It probably has to do with with some one time
 cuz it's a big jump. The biggest jump I saw was there on R&D. That's the uh I mean almost Yeah. I mean I mean GNA You mean GNA
 DNA? Yeah. Oh, that's weird. That's pretty weird.
 Yeah. So, so definitely this quarter was like I don't know. May maybe there is maybe there is more information on their in their S1 which let me try and open that because their website is very very nicely done but it's uh and their website if you want to go I see I remember it's not not really a true competitor to Adobe's kind of creative product. I do believe what they help is kind of help design some great um UI or or user interface um for an app development using kind of
 uh so I I I I saw the way uh that obviously being kind of like
 that graphics play um from Adobe can interact really well with this and I think some of the other competitors out there have some of this option in their toolkit. So, I don't see as a two it's a true competitor to either Canva or um Adobe. Um but I do see how it could be kind of like a great add-on. Like I I don't think much app developers or or any form of developers right now are using Canva or Adobe to kind of make sure their their app looks amazing. Yeah. I mean, which is why Adobe wanted to acquire them. Um,
 to make to make sure they have they have it all. Um, okay. I am now on on the S on the S1. So, let's see. Let's see what we've got here. Um, gross margins of 91%. Pretty nice. I saw I mean that that I mean that makes sense for a digital uh native uh product. Uh twothirds are non-designers.
 Oh wow. What the heck do they do then?
 Yeah, exact I'm like two are non-designers. So what what are we doing here? Um but okay. I mean it it would be based on the numbers we've just seen. It would be interesting um to see how much value they get from the public markets. Um one asked here, how overvalued will it be at the open? First of all, I I don't know exactly when they'll go public, right? They're not public yet. They they just filed this. So, we'll see.
 Yeah. They still have to update uh various times before we even get a share price or something of of what they might think of doing it.
 Yeah. how much money they want to raise, etc., etc. So, this is basically it. Uh, yeah.
 Ideate, visualize, build, ship.
 Are they saying Netflix is their customer? Where do you see this?
 Well, that's the Netflix app. Like, is that a way is that them them kind of giving like a little little hints of um Okay, let's see. Um, so I just did a search here. So every day billions of people around the world use apps, websites, and other digital experiences that are made in Figma. They're looking up directions, Netflix.
 Yeah. LinkedIn.
 Oh, okay. No, I like it. But my question is, and the chat can definitely correct me, like once you do your app,
 how does it grow from there, right? Netflix can grow dramatically from it from subscribers but like what's the what's the winning after that for for Figma
 because the retention rate is quite high so my my question here is like Dolingo oh yeah
 I mean yeah
 um so yeah my my question is I mean for for I'm sure maybe some are are using it so please enlighten us um
 I wonder Oh, go ahead. Sorry, Neil.
 No, no, continue.
 I was going to say I wonder if they have some form of like analytics or something platform in the end um of it or or um but the thing is also apps don't just stop being developed, right? I mean, you're always constantly getting even the UI itself. Um yeah. So, so that that's the thing. If like if you build the app UI, I mean UIUX once you're done, you ship it. Does Figma do everything in the background? Yeah. To get them more money, right? That that's a definitely a good question.
 I mean, it's probably written in their S1, but I'm not going to read here the actually. Speaking of, speaking of, let me zoom in here. So, our subscription model is designed to meet the diverse and evolving needs of our growing community and customer base. Um, blah blah blah. So to meet our users where they are, we offer a variety of ways to try, use and purchase Figma. So automated and highly efficient self-service option available through figma.com to support our self-s serve offering. Our marketing team utilize organic and paid channels. Okay. Um direct sales. Okay. Maybe so this is better. Their plans. So starter plan is free uh and is designed for working on personal projects. Professional plan, organizational plan, enterprise plan. Okay. Makes uh makes sense, I guess. And then uh Okay. Then you pay per seat.
 Mhm.
 I assume for all of your seat collab. Yeah. The full seat. Very interesting.
 Yeah. Man, they should have called the the full one the full table instead of a full seat because it's all the seats. So, it's like the table. They they need to get better naming. Yep. Short it. Um, so here's the pricing basically. So starter free professional $3 to5 per month for the collab one content. Okay, it always goes up as as you add more, which which makes sense. Um, so these are the pricing. It's not that crazy expensive. Um, not that crazy expensive at all. Yeah. And Georgie here just mentioned uh, let me I can share. I don't know why I um, yeah, so management clients won't change all the time. You're never done. um kind of building these stuff. So, I guess that's the thing. And and I mean I I feel like now I'm wrong. I was kind of maybe too aggressive trying to think what's the after the seats, but there's a lot of companies that do really well with the seats. I mean, you think about kind of in the semiconductor space, you have your cadence, your synopsis that really just pretty much are are seat players, you have your auto desk and stuff like that. So um the just the seat basis um I has been proven to be a really strong business within itself. Um we also have Nathan here. Nathan, I use Figma every day enterprise best design software from experience. No chance. I'll go back to Adobe. So Nathan, you're saying it definitely was a competitor uh to Adobe um for the task that you were doing. Um and and now question uh for this uh let's see the operating expenses what happened uh so one of the explanations here are but is it for the same date during the year ended uh 24 as compared to 23 as a result of the May 24 RSU release and the 2024 uh stock option grants. Okay, so that's one explanation for that. Um, so yeah, probably bonuses, stockbased compensation. Um, it seems like
 Hey, so it seems like that one billy was paid off to a lot of that they got got paid off to to a lot of CEOs and stuff like that.
 Uh, seems like it seems like it. Um, yeah. So So it does seem like it was because of this.
 Mhm. Um, okay. It's good. It's good to It's always good to know. I mean, because a 10x increase is always good to know why why why that happened. Um,
 so yeah,
 and and and here Nathan is saying totally and they're taking more and more market share with the more that they add. But then we have Adam here saying that they're taking away from Adobe XD. Um, so I guess that's uh I I think I'm getting a little bit that Adobe has a platform like this, but it's very weak. So instead of kind of building it, they wanted to do this Figma acquisition to buy it. Uh so Adam is saying that there's more taking opposed to that opposed to the whole creative cloud. I would say I would love to hear from Nathan any points here if there's any counterargument here. Um, but now you know I like how you kind of started where is this going to be a if we see this priced in at like a 20x price to sales valuation does the market go back and say look maybe we should give Adobe a higher valuation as well or does the market go look this is just another thing that we were saying that AI and all these other competitors are coming now we're going to punish Adobe even more uh because this is a company that is growing at a strong year-over-year basis where March 2020 um almost like what that's at least 50% growth I think um from March of 2025 to March 31st of 2024 even though Adobee's only growing at about uh 10% 11%. So it's a huge difference. Obviously the size of the revenue matters as well um and stuff like that but I I think sometimes the market just looks at those percentage and say look this is this one's gaining market share um we're going to punish Adobe even more and more than it's already been punished I mean I I I know they they operate in the in similar uh in the similar industry right creator industry design industry for Mhm.
 One is one is of course growing faster faster than the other, but it would be interesting to see cuz Adobe wanted to pay what $20 billion I think for Figma. So, it's going to be interesting to see if they go public at 20 billion or more. Um, and then if they do get a premium, then I I would say
 h 20 billion. I think it would actually be I I I personally would think more Neil right now because if we look at is that March 31st of 2025 that's only uh that's quarterly right that's not it doesn't say on top lasting 12 months right uh so if you assume times four it's a little bit about 900 uh $900 million in run rate uh of annual run rate I'm going to say you give that at Plus, net income is is a positive.
 It's net income, not a net loss.
 Yeah. Well, I it's obviously a big gap. I think you're going to definitely give it a price to sell higher than 10. That's what the market is definitely doing right now. So, typically uh in the software space, you tend to like that price to sales ratio higher than 10. So, at least 9 billion. But Adobe Paid is about to pay 20 billion. I think that's going to be a crucial thing. It's like Adobe was willing to pay 20 billion. Why wouldn't what has changed or is this kind of getting that same punishment that AI can also come for for this ecosystem that now it's no longer worth that 20 billion that Adobe was willing to pay back then? I mean I I guess with this one you can make the case that AI I mean AI could also start designing apps in the future, right? I mean again this is an offering that Figma could offer right at an extra charge
 but then the same thing can be said about Adobe right yeah and generate images and and you can do all of that in in Adobe and edit them and make sure that they're licensed etc etc so I mean it's it's going to be because again 20 billion was a very very very very big premium back then for this business
 so Adam mentions I as a product engineer use Figma nearly every day it's a Great tool, smooth collab between front end dev and marketing and product team. Adobe nowhere near close to this. Appreciate that. Um, Adam, um, I was going to say something.
 I mean, my my question to you is because you had Adobe and then it's not on your watch list, at what price would you be comfortable buying something like Figma? Because if Adobe was interesting, wouldn't this be interesting? My reason for Adobe being interesting is definitely the valuation point. Um, kind of like it's it's the AI moat not eating it. Uh, the market fearing the AI mo eating it and this not going to actually die from from the AI AI curse. Um, so that's my bullish kind of one of my main reasons to be kind of having that on my watches. I think it's more of like that valuation play, Neil, like kind of have you done it with um United Health. Now, if this one comes out in the other spectrum of the uh AI valuation where the market gives it a premium um for for some unknown reason, then I I I I wouldn't put it on on my watch list. But if it does kind of have that same negative sentiment um and just a quick quick um information that we've gotten here um can validate that this definitely has a very strong competitive product from uh the few engineers and designers that are using it and have very well stuff to say about it. So, um, depending on if how the market looks at it, if it's another one where AI is going to destroy it and we're going to value it like crap, then that would be a little bit more um susceptible to to be a purchaser. The reason being is um it seems like this is going to be a platform that has lots of data and platforms that have tons of data are the ones that are going to be winning this AI transformation race. Um, now another thing that I was going to say, the bullish case for here is going to be when AI agents are real and AI agents are developing apps, they're going to come here and use this platform to collaborate with other AI agents and you're just buying massive amounts of seeds for all these AI agents all over the world. Yeah, I mean it's a it's an interesting it's an interesting world. My my question to everyone that's using Figma, you you use Figma to do what exactly? Like are you app builder? Are you a website builder? What's what's the reason you started to use uh Figma? Maybe marketing purposes. What's the reason you use Figma and not another solution out there? Uh going back to valuation, I mean $821 million in revenue, revenue growing 46% year-over-year. 20 billion is is really a lot. No, it's a 20 billion is is is a is a
 almost 25x I think right?
 Yeah, almost 20 almost 25x. Of course, if it grows 46% then 12 months from now it's less than that. But but still um it's uh it's a very good question. Very very good question. Uh Nathan says your Photoshop is becoming irrelevant for most non-professional users. They have stock photos and PDF as modes.
 I mean, yeah, of course, if you don't need Photoshop, then you would never have used it. I although you can maybe just use Adobe uh Express now uh online
 uh or Canva for free.
 Mhm.
 But no, the thing for Adobe has always been towards professionals, I guess.
 Yeah. designers and whatnot.
 This seat um business has always been like that. I feel I mean like even in the uh electrical engineering world there is your paid seats to kind of design chip uh chips uh like boards or stuff like that like your cadence and your synopsis. Um but there's also plenty of free versions where you don't need the full stuff from it and it's still pretty popular. Um, but we can still see how cadence and synopsis have done really well. And I kind of put these in in a similar stuff that there's like a professional use case um somewhere in between and then also the kind of just hobbyist um and and and there professionals in different aspects too um for for I guess developers and product design. Um this one might be the professional way to go about it. Yeah. And Nathan says here he uses it for apps, websites, for product design and development, brainstorming, slides, whatever design related. This is not photobased. Yeah. No, that's
 that makes a
 Yeah,
 that makes Nathan appreciate appreciate all all the all the um um descriptions and thoughts you're sharing.
 Yeah, seems like he's uh I mean the NF in his name might have been designed in uh in his picture might have been designed in Figma maybe. I don't know. Um, but yeah, I'm I'm trying to because back in the day I also built like I I designed just an app for fun, but I used an another I mean it was 10 years ago, so I guess of course it's going to be something else, but I can't remember the name. Can't remember the name. Um, there is a I don't know if you want to add something more or we can jump to the next. Uh,
 we can jump to the next thing, but there were some interesting questions here, Neil. I like this one called So, I kind of talked a little bit about watch list, but I'm pretty sure we can both um discuss. So, when you put something going to put this one
 um what are key indicators you are looking for? So, it it's weird. I have like different watch lists. Uh, Neo, there are like the watch list of companies that I really know in markets that I really understand. Um, and it's just so so first just in g usually my watch list is a watch list where it leads me to do more research. Um, and that research, me wanting to do that research is due to a variety of things. This this uh a stock that has some technology that I want to learn a little bit more about. Um, especially in the semiconductor in the AI space. Um, is this a company that I believe um might be a little bit overvalued? Can I learn a little bit more about it? So, my watch list is more my research lessons. Can I move it on to whatever the next premium or high tier watch list that I have which is now more like oh are you ready to join my portfolio in the future. So it's just like a stepping ladder um code. So it's it's really more just for the research phase. Yeah. I mean, for me, key indicators, if it's to go on the watch list, like Jose said, it's probably something we're going to touch on the Tesla thing right now because Tesla is up 6% on the production delivery numbers.
 Nice.
 Um, if of course, if it's a company that I like and understand, if it's for the long term or the short term, so if it's an overreaction, then then I might see an opportunity. I put it on the watch list and I start to investigate. But as as we've seen over the last couple of weeks, when I put things on the watch list and I investigate, they tend to jump in price.
 So, just let us know before you put it in the watch list. Quite quite significantly. Um, so maybe I might just go the uh uh Stanley Drunker Ducker Miller uh way. It's invest and then investigate, which to be honest, it makes sense, right? You don't have to open a position and then you start to go down and you can add more. If it goes up your your little position is already increasing. Um we're also going to talk about uh Oscar. Um uh
 and then um
 yeah um I I like that new invest and investigate. Obviously don't put bet the house but like uh I mean not a degenerate gambler but two to 3% isn't going to destroy a portfolio.
 No plus I mean the the fact that you are investing and then investigating means that there is something there there is something interesting
 uh with with that company. Uh so quick quick switch to to Tesla here. So these are the production and delivery numbers for Tesla. The expectations were 385,000 EVs delivered. The number came in at 384,122. Uh small miss and I think I mean the the stock's reaction right now.
 What was the expected delivery still?
 385,000. Oh, okay. So about 800 miss.
 Yeah. The the the stock is up four five to six%. So I guess this is again a case of better than feared. better than feared. Production wise, 410,244. They also deployed 9.6 gawatt hours of energy storage products. I I will have to check again um what last quarter because I think last quarter we were pretty close to that number and two quarters ago I think it was 11. So, okay. So last quarter this was 10.4 and the quarter before that was 11. So it did it did go down a little bit. It did go down a little bit um this this quarter but I mean still I think for for the whole year this is going to be quite a nice business for them. Um I mean to I'll be honest if it wasn't for the energy business I think the stock would have been already slashed in half if not more um right now. So yeah I guess this is just better
 better than fears. H how is this more important the production? How was this? Especially since I know one of the biggest um protection to the bearish thesis for a lot of uh Tesla bulls was this transformation of the Model Y or or the update Model Y. How has production changed from a quarter ago? We can see here Model 3 and Y um 396,000. Um is that a huge jump from from last quarter?
 Uh let's see. So definitely big increase definitely a big increase in production. So last quarter production came in at 362,615 uh which you can see right here. But remember last quarter we had that big uh Model Y refresh. So
 you get impacted by that. uh the quarter before that which was the fourth quarter production was 459,45 but it's the fourth quarter so usually you get that that uh that push so I I guess I mean the fact that we are already now at 410,000 is probably is probably a good a good thing um but yeah it's it's still a miss but I guess a smaller miss than expected a smaller is than expected and energy is still doing
 still doing really good. My only issue
 is that this is basically what the stock is doing pre-market. My only issue is that of course we are now in the second half of 2025 and correct me if I'm wrong but uh I don't think I have seen any new and more affordable models that have been launched. Uh, so yeah, I wonder what's going to what's if if I mean, I'm pretty sure that's going to be a question during the uh during the earnings. Um,
 it's no, it's not going even going to be a question because usually they write it in the shareholder deck. So, it's going to be a did they write it again or not?
 Um, uh, first up, thank you Roberto for the super chat. I wonder where where this is from. GTQ Mr. Couch. Oh, thank you. Uh, do you have a Discord? I do not. I do not. I I was thinking of
 Oh, Guatemala. Ah, Quital. Yeah, nice. I was in Guatemala in 2017. Very nice.
 Oh, nice.
 Very nice country. Um, I don't have a Discord. I was thinking about maybe starting it like two years ago, but I was like, ah, I don't have time for this. Um, plus now we do live stream so it's 10 times better.
 It's 10 times better. I agree. Just quick shout out to Martin here. Mark Martin mentions market will go down this week due to labor data, right? Uh market will go down this week due to labor. Uh I don't know. I don't know if they want the market will go down. Let's just remember that the markets usually do the opposite of what we think uh is is going to happen. Um, but labor data when and when when is that supposed to come out and if it came out already then I will try and find it. But in the meantime, let me touch really quick on Oscar. So Oscar Health, as you can see, is now pre-market at $18. I believe this the stock is down. It it was down way more yesterday after hours. Um I I think I think so. I know it's down a bit. So yesterday it was already down 4.6%. And now pre-market we are down 12%. uh because uh because uh one of the other players American for-profit healthcare company called uh Sentin um worth $28 billion they crashed 32% after hours yesterday because they pulled their uh own guidance uh because of uncertainties and rising costs of uh Medicaid and uh ACA. So they got that announcement and it pulled Oscar down as well because they operate in a bit of the same uh area. The thing here is that Oscar from what I've read they came they were already prepared for such a thing when they provided their own guidance. Um, plus I do also think that they have way less exposure to major changes than um than Sentin for example. So I mean if you missed the runup from 14 $15 or so the last two weeks maybe right now the pullback could be could be worth could be worth buying. I might actually just put the uh invested investigate uh chip chip right here. Although I I did talk about it and invested I mean investigated it uh when it was a bit lower than that but then it ran up. But now maybe maybe I'll just open it a small position and see and see where it goes. Wealthy readings here on X. Great follow great uh great account to follow. He says buy. He's putting the house on it and with which I assume this means you have dumped you have dumped the girlfriend because uh well cannot sell the house then um but yeah it's I I I I will see this as a short-term potential long-term opportunity although I do have enough positions in my portfolio but when I see when I see opportunities like this I mean it's a it's market cap wise it's a small company all things considered it's company worth uh $5 billion or so. So, um yeah. So, the house the house he he put the house on it. She dumped him. So, this is this is the thing we do in uh in the investment world. Yesterday I was screaming at my wife I and uh today we have viewers here that are dumping girlfriends to put their house on on certain stocks. I don't know if that screams the top or not, but uh
 yeah, definitely does. I don't know. Um but yeah, this is basically why Oscar is uh is down uh pre-market at the moment. At the moment would not surprise me if we see a lot of buying action. Um because according to some technical analysis folks on X and then I I asked I asked basically Grock and uh and Perplexity to explain everything to me. Um let me let me pull this up because this is this is quite interesting. This is the use case for AI right here folks. Um so uh this account right here, Long Investor said the following. uh Oscar dropping down to the 618 fib the day before it completes a golden cross. Yeah, exactly. To me, this is like a Lord of the Rings quest or whatever. Yeah.
 So, Grock and Perplexity explained this to me in simple terms. I don't understand TA. So, Grock said the following um technical analysis basically a crystal ball. So, Fibonacci retracement finds potential support levels where a stock's price might stop falling using ratios like 61.8%. For Oscar, dropping to this level suggest a possible buying point. A golden cross happens when the 50-day average price crosses above the 200 day average, hinting at a price rise. So, I guess I guess this could be a good buying opportunity according to uh and of course, don't forget to thank the AIS every time because you never know. You never know what might happen. Um
 I mean, let's see.
 You're just wasting electricity, Neil. Just wasting electricity.
 It's not my electricity, so I don't care. Um then uh as perplexity basically saying basically saying the the same thing which means that this thing right here is a bullish a bullish thing. Um man you ask both grock and perplexity. You don't trust AI? No. I just don't trust Grock because some of the times either it doesn't understand my question or it just never answers. I'm like
 and never responds. Yeah.
 Yeah. So so I ask perplexity. So, I mean, clearly now that you put the other one here, then Grock has to answer because I mean, it's a fight between AIS.
 Yeah,
 it's a fight between AIS here. So, um yeah, so Oscar might might be interesting for a for a nice little for a nice little trade. Maybe Zeta um in the price goes up after couch video. Zeta looks interesting. Uh, I think Zeta is Yeah, it also pumped the couch pump and now it it went back down here.
 I'm g start using Trading View and I'm gonna get your logo and just put every time you do a video, I'll just put that pump right there. The image here.
 Um, it's interesting here as well. It went above the 200 day moving average, couldn't stay, and now we're back under. That's the basic TA that you get here from us. Um but yeah, interesting place. I'd say interesting place. Um any I mean if we go back to the main to the main topic, the one that we started with.
 Where did we start from?
 Okay. Yep. That
 Yeah. The tech went down yesterday, value went up. Um could this be the start of a little rotation? Maybe, maybe not. Um but there is definitely there are definitely some opportunities out there uh in names that yes scream value but value could still outperform um because well these stocks these companies are still doing well and maybe there was an overreaction with United Health as a main example here. Plus, yes, a lot of tech companies are just overextended, are just overbought. And so, a little pullback uh didn't hurt um didn't hurt anyone. So, we we got some interesting questions here, Neil, that I wouldn't mind.
 Go ahead.
 Uh taking I like this one. Um Jose Couch, how do you guys decide to invest in a particular stock for long-term? Say Jose selected GitLab. um what was the analysis here for a long-term hold and how do you decide when to enter? Uh so for me um I am very bullish in the overall innovation of AI technology and I hate using this word but it is but my most of my investment thesis are based on the theme that um AI is going to continue to innovate tech this this space um and I tend to follow it first through my semiconductor companies more importantly Nvidia I think Nvidia it's so crazy Neo I listen to Nvidia on a daily basis not because I care about the stock price and what it's doing on a daily basis. I could care less about that stock price um on the on on a day-to-day, but it's such a top level in this AI field that any type of press release, anytime the CEO or management talks, they give you a little bit of information of how AI is transforming. They talk about kind of AI agents. They talk about robotics. They talk about um the needs for data center for infrastructure. And that gives me okay look I know AI is very bullish right now. Now I know from these CEOs and these managers where is the right place for me to start looking for investment potentials as now I know what this growth rate could be, what this growth opportunity can be. Um and one of the things for example with with GitLab is okay I see a lot of um AI assistant coding um becoming in increasingly popular uh right now. What are some kind of uh platforms that are assisting developers with that. Uh so and ones that maybe are in I I also like to look for that growth mentality. Uh luckily I also come in the engineering field. So I do have a lot of engineer f uh engineering friends in all different types of um markets being civil being software being electrical being robotics whatever whatever so if I don't know the software or the indication itself I can go and text a lot of them be like hey have you heard of this solution what would happen if this solution was to disappear would you be pretty upset and a lot of people that I asked about GitLab the answer was yes this is a this dev sec op that I use on a daily basis and while there are some solutions that can kind of help me with it. If I was to lose it right now, it would definitely suck. So, it's more of just first understanding that theme investment, understanding where the growth opportunities lie. The last on my list, to be honest, Neil, is the numbers. The reason the last one on my list is numbers is because I feel like sometimes when you look at numbers first, it creates a bias on what direction you want to think of that stock. So first I want to get the whole picture of how the market, the consumers and everybody else uses it. And then after I have my own thoughts on that, I look at the numbers because I the numbers in theory a well-run business can change those numbers around in a few quarters, in a few years. So numbers are usually the last thing to eliminate that bias of ah look this looks pretty pretty crappy right now. So, I'm pretty sure there's a lot more, but that's just the easiest and quickest way I could have explained my overall um thought process and when looking to invest in a long-term hold. And is this why you selected also GitLab?
 Yes. Yes. So, I I I went through that whole aspect of it. I've messaged a lot of my uh software engineering friends and um throughout the process and a company with less than 10 billion dollars is like this is I also like exposure outside of the semiconductor space. Um and it's like I don't want to just keep buying chips. I want to see what the next generation uh and forms of stuff is moving into. Okay, makes sense. Would you say that a GitLab is similar as Figma but in their own fields like if I would I would think so in its own way you can kind of compare them not not in the same industry but within their like like imag kind of talking I think it was Adam makes me want to go back and see who I might have in in my friends in in my phone that that I can talk to about kind of UI development, uh, UIUIX and all that stuff and see how how strong this could be. Um, and then I would start to look of how who their competitors are. Um, what kind of AI solutions are they using? Are these actual real AI solutions? Because there's some companies that just say, look, I have an AI solution, but it's just a really quick link to OpenAI API. It's nothing anything new. um how they what what has their presentation shown um about their AI usage and um all that would kind of be part part of that thesis building. Okay. So with that said, before I answer, uh first up, GitLab company worth seven 78 billion, right? Um what we see here is that this is a company that generates $84 million in revenue. Uh growing revenue last quart, well, in last 12 months, 29.3%. It's expected it's expected to grow 24.2% in fiscal 26 then bottom out here in 27 21.9% year-over-year growth and then accelerate 23% year-over-year growth to reach $1.4 billion. This is a company of course that is public already that has come down quite drastically. Again, I I made the comparison with Figma here because revenue-wise, they're not far from each other revenue generated over the last 12 months. Of course, Figma is growing faster. Would you say that 7 to8 billion is going to be cheap for a company like Figma? And this could maybe go well push push a company like GitLab back above the $10 billion mark since I mean if we are going to compare it's not similar business but it does feel like in their respective fields they are regarded as as a crucial aspect in your in your workflows. Yeah. And and and that's what I think um um here Moheim's uh I'm pretty but sure I'm butchering is it's not the aspect of it actually is a true competitor or anything. It's like what Neil was mentioning is can it help throughout the workflow u process of kind of it is there some form of similarities but I agree it's more likely more like a GitHub than a GitLab okay um interesting I mean gross profit margin of course very very high operating margin is still negative so I guess that's something they have to fix and I guess that's also one of the reasons why Figma will probably um be valued at well over 10 billion might even be 20 I don't know but yeah it's it's interesting it's interesting of course all of this uh on fiscal.ai AI.
 Exactly. I should have uh finished that.
 I I was going to say, yeah, I mean the only other thing is I think even if you have kind of similar business type models being in different industries, um one being more kind of like coding engineering base and one being more like a creative aspect. Um the market always kind of gives different valuations just on that those two things. Um and is that the right approach? I'm not sure. But uh yeah.
 Yeah. No. Um to go back I guess to the to the main question. Um I I guess I mean I guess it's similar I guess it's similar to to you. So, first of all, I I would only really invest a big big chunk for the long term in really companies that I know inside out.
 Mhm.
 Companies. It's I mean, most of the big companies in my portfolio are usually companies that either I use every day or I've been studying them for the last x amount of years. So, I know exactly. I mean when I talk with some people and I'm like and I say yeah this company has this amount of monthly active users that the gross margin that's how much free cash flow that's how much shares outstanding have come down that they think I'm a freak but I mean it's just because we know these companies inside which is why we invested in them. Um, and you have to understand like if you work in the industry or even if you don't work in that specific industry, but you've done your research, it makes sense like you it's way more comfortable owning something you know than something you don't know.
 100%. Um, it's uh, and it's so funny sometimes when when you know it so well, you think it's such a general knowledge that is when you hear somebody make something wrong about it's like it it's how how is this a reason for the stock to be up or down? Isn't this kind of something we all knew um before? Yeah. No, for sure. For sure. Um, a super chat here from Zakaria. I think it's from my channel, but for once,
 hey, for once the opposite. That's fine.
 For it's the opposite. So, first of all, thank you very much for the super chat. Really appreciate it. Um, question for Jose, maybe myself as well from technical. Does it make sense to have a portfolio that is focusing on the full supply chain of semiconductors? Ah, okay. It's a question for both of us. uh semiconductors and like having Nvidia, AMD, TSM, ASML, uh CLA, applied materials, lamb research and then ARM. Uh I guess this is Cadence. And for me, for Neil, what is your take on such a portfolio? I mean, if I was to go as I I'm a firm believer that semiconductors are going to continue to outperform the market. I mean that's why theoretically whenever I invest in ETFs I focus on SMH SMHX um before even thinking of putting money in SPY or or Q's um the world runs in semiconductors. There's no question about it. You're going to continue to see massive innovation in this space. So I say it makes sense to have a portfolio that's focusing on the full supply chain. I mean definitely true, but now when you're having all those names especially depending on how you do it. if you do equal weight um maybe a little bit different but and now it starts to really really look like um like that semiconductor ETF that I was talking. So if you're thinking of doing something like this I don't if someone was to tell me Jose you can only invest in one company ETF for the next 1015 years and whatever it would just be a pure SI semiconductor ETF which is pretty much what you're building. Um so I like it just understand the risk that uh semiconductor market while it's not the cyclicality that it used to be is still always a cyclical market that does depend on the data center spending on consumer spending on uh enterprise and business spending and those equipment players also depend on the growth rate. Um so market is open but overall I like it you just have to be prepared with the massive massive volatility. Uh so Tristan, what ETF I would go? I I SMHX is my favorite, the fabulous one. Um but SMH is also one that I own. Yes. So before returning to that to that uh question, market is open at the moment. Not much movements, right? Nothing much is uh is moving at at the moment. Tesla is up now only close to 3%. Palanteer is up 1.7%. And yeah, it seems like for the majority of it, we are flatish. Adobe is done 1.7, but not much. Uh let's look at the watch list really quick. So, uh let's actually do yeah from red to green. So, Pin Studio down, Micron down again. So, under 120, Tradeesk, Intel, uh Nvo, so Novo, Nordisk, Amazon is down, Meta, Rocket Lab, Oko, Google basically flat. Um, Reddit, PayPal, Argorish, uh, New Holdings, HIMS. Uh, so who are the big winners right now? Uh, not surprising still. Robin Hood, Palanteer, uh, Bitcoin, Tempest AI, ESTS, um, Nebus, Marll is up 1.5%. And
 nice Tesla gave back some of the gains. It seems it's it's up to like 3% now.
 Um, uh, let's see. And just if I may real quick to Zach um's question is um this is pretty much more my portfolio Zack where is a lot of the full supply chain of Nvidia of of the semiconductor space but then I expand into those end use cases. So a good portion are kind of like those data sensor infrastructures. I kind of like um who can benefit from this innovation in the semiconductor industry. So um I would say my portfolio is a mixture of the supply chain of semis plus the endusers and I think that's the end users are also a very very big opportunity and it seems like Oscar is now down 15 15% on on the day at the moment. uh to go back to this to this question. So I think if if you really want to have exposure to all of these companies, right? I think and I was showing this right before something like an SMH or in your case you said SMHX.
 Yeah. Uh Vanic, that one. Yeah. Uh they it should be there. I definitely looked at it in here too. Um this one. Yeah, this one.
 Mhm.
 Um so yeah, I I mean if you want all of those players then for sure I I don't think it would I mean for me personally I don't think I would just go and buy each and every individual company. I would definitely just pick
 uh a semi yeah semiconductor ETF either SMHX or SMH uh see what you want to have exposure to because you can literally see this right here also on fiscal.ai AI. Bam.
 Natural natural inclusion here. Um,
 and and see see if this these are the companies that you like. And if so, I I this is the easiest way for you to get exposure to all of these companies.
 And and Neil, this is actually a preferred way of mine where first I would invest. If let's say I was starting from from the get-go, I would start with a ETF like this. The market always gives you opportunities in the future. So you might get an opportunity for an ASML individually to own and increase that exposure individually because now you like the evaluation. Nvidia gives you a unique opportunity in the future as well with some random news or fear headlines that come out. So start off I think probably this would be my favorite approach. Start off with the ETF and then uniquely whenever you get that opportunity um that the market gives you and they the market loves to give you opportunities. It it really does. Um you just have to take them. um is when I would start to spread out into an individual basis. Yeah, you always be patient. Be patient. Um
 I I did want to I mean I didn't even notice the market was was already open. Thank god I caught that in the last second. So we did have here um before the market opened. So futures were up after weak private payrolls. So apparently uh the private sector lost 33,000 jobs last month according to the latest report by ADP. Uh economist pled by Dow Jones expected payrolls to grow by 100,000. The report comes with the stock market near record highs despite concerns that lingering trade tensions between the US and other countries could slow uh US and the global economic growth. Moving on to a nice little chart right here. Um yeah, the trend here is quite clear and apparently this is the first negative print since March uh 2023. So yeah, I don't know what the markets are doing right now at the moment and I'll tell you that exactly in 54 321. Uh it seems like the Dow Jones is down.2 two S&P basically flat and NASDAQ is actually up.15%. So clearly they don't really care that much at the moment. Um yeah, I don't know. I don't know uh how much longer the non-cuts are going to last, but it does feel like it's coming either July or especially September.
 I mean for sure September I think we were going to get a cut. question here is are we going to get it in July already or not? Um this is another good question from FF maybe think it's Fabio. Um do you think the stock market is priced as tariffs will pause again uh on the 9th of July? Which stocks do you think will get impacted the most if Trump will not pause the tariffs anymore? So the July 9th uh tariff post was only for Europe or for everyone. Well, I think it was the whatever the wasn't there the 90-day extension for everybody for certain ones it started at a different time. Um yeah anyways I mean doesn't I think I think it's very EU centric. Um, but I I I don't know. I feel I feel there is either going to get be a small deal and then another extension or just it's not going to be important anymore. They're going to say, "Oh, we're figuring things out. So, here another extension, another extension right now." Uh, but if not, which stocks will get impacted the most? I guess European ones, right? uh eur I mean European ones or companies that deal a lot in Europe, American companies that that maybe import quite a lot of things from uh from Europe and then you have all the indirect impacts. It's the same story we've had at the start of uh at the start of April. Even if your company is not directly impacted, it might be indirectly impacted. Um maybe their customers are getting impacted. So if they are getting impacted, you are getting screwed over uh and so on and uh and so forth. So again, maybe maybe we're going to get some opportunities next week. Maybe not. Um Friday, the markets are closed, correct? For uh 4th of July.
 4th of July, miracle's birthday.
 It's crazy. 12 months ago, I was in Vegas at the moment.
 Really? You should have invited me.
 I was at the World Series of Poker. Uh not playing, just watching.
 Oh, okay.
 Not playing, just watching. Um, not yet at least. But no, I don't know. It's 10,000 bucks just to enter and I was like, $10,000 just to lose? What's the point?
 That's the attitude we don't want, Neil.
 No, I rather just take 10,000 and play blackjack the whole day. Or crabs. I love that game now. It's like a very fun game. Um, Trump said he will not extend the deadline.
 Yeah, he he he he sent some like shots at Japan, too. Not literally, but just verbally. I got you to laugh. Flashbacks. Um, okay. Not extended deadline. So maybe again I if that was really the case, I think the markets would have been uh red, completely red.
 Mr. Couch is kind of a degenerate. Am I a degenerate?
 The gambler over here. Geez.
 Because of that. Yeah. I mean I mean when the markets are green you can enjoy yourself a little bit. No exactly
 I mean I I would not have been doing this in 2022 for example
 a few AC trips a few steak dinners what's a few of that a year
 ramen noodles for a year. Um ah the in actually I'm curious I'm curious and we can close the show out with that because I think we both have a meeting soon. Um, I'm meeting a call, whatever you want to call it. Uh, SMCI, I wonder still in the 40s. Still in the 40s. Uh, yeah, I mean, it's definitely been holding up quite quite well. Uh, let's see on the weekly. I mean, of course, since yeah, since the April deadline, this thing has gone up steadily. Steadily. So maybe yeah maybe the market maybe the market is giving it now a bit more respect after the whole uh the listing drama not the listing drama although the the issues inside the company still persist because they didn't still didn't have didn't fix that those things yet and they've made it quite clear. Um, but yeah, I I don't know. As long as their guidance does not get revised on the on the downside again,
 I'd say I I I'd say yeah, if we say we are them a clean, yeah, for now, I mean, as long as all the big players still buy from them, I guess it's fine.
 To me is um I mean, I see the growth opportunity. I think we both do, right, Neo? I mean, we we're seeing this massive demand of AI, even with a clean slate, even if they didn't do any of that fraud um fraud allegations or whatever. Um that business is just not for me. It's too competitive.
 Yeah. Margin wise, it just doesn't make any sense.
 Yeah. And Yeah.
 Is there upside? Probably. Probably. But
 I think so.
 There's upside with plenty of other companies. And yeah, I mean, do I want to risk a third auditing issue? No. Like, no. Um, again, if you if you can always go with a Dell, for example, right? Because I mean, the the pattern here is quite clear. It's actually exactly the same thing as with SMCI. And I think Dell has better margins as well. So, if you like SMCI, you could just go with a Dell. Yes, it might not look as cheap as SMCI, but at least you don't have all of the issues and the package that comes with it. Um, so yeah, sounds good. Neil, thank you everybody for being here and we'll see you next week. Unless maybe somehow we do a random morning stream tomorrow, but I doubt it.
 No, tomorrow I can. For now, I cannot unless something changes, but for now I cannot. I don't know if if you're doing
 gambling trip. about it.
 Actually, actually, no, no.
 Um, I don't know if you're doing something already in the evening. Maybe we can do a market close, but if not, um, we will be back next week, Monday, and on our own channels, of course, with
 Yeah,
 with videos on whatever on whatever.
 That's my next title. Whatever.
 Yeah.
 All right, everyone. Thank you all for joining and we'll see each other either tomorrow or next week. Have a great extended weekend.