Core we've just announced some bullish sentiment for itself, Nvidia, Verdiff and Dell Technology investors. More importantly, we also did get some export restrictions easements in the semiconductor industry that could be a signal of hope for AI stock investors. Let me explain a little bit more in today's episode. I want to thank the Mly Fool for sponsoring this video and check out fool.com/hose for the 10 best stocks to buy now. With that link, you get a promotional offer for their subscription service. Now, let's continue with today's episode. All right, so let's start off with the big topic, and this is Coreweave. So, Coreweave, for those that are not familiar, they build AI infrastructure. So, these massive AI servers and AI data centers, and they rent it out to big customers, your OpenAI, your Google, your Microsoft, so they can use that infrastructure for some form of AI uh solution. Now, Corewave today on July 3rd of 2025 2025th mentioned that building on our legacy as the first AI cloud provider to provide access to Nvidia's HGX H100, Nvidia H200, Nvidia GB200 and the L72. They are continuing this trend and are the first to release the Nvidia GB300 and the L72 which is housed within Dell's integrated rack scale system. So this is in my opinion pretty crucial and we're going to talk a little bit of how this is bullish for Nvidia. But first I want to talk about Core. So if you have been following this channel, this is the best place you're going to get any AI and semiconductor news for free. So Coreweave when I bought this stock in the 40s, one of the main reasons for it is they were able to build AI infrastructure pretty quickly. And I do believe in this era of the AI market that is critical and crucial. And the reason they're able to do this is for two reasons. First, it does seem like they have a really great partnership with Nvidia. Nvidia would gladly send them the uh chips. Maybe not first in line, but definitely in the top place, like somewhere in in in in the front of the line, uh they would get AI chips. The second thing, it seems like they have a very great engineering team that is able to stand up these systems pretty pretty quickly. And like I mentioned, in an era where AI is moving at such a rapid pace, being able to be the first in the AI infrastructure has people lined up to make sure they take that space because right now it's very competitive, right? Imagine open AAI and all these players they come out and it's like look we need as much compute as we can because if we end up losing compute or if one of our competitors gets compute or AI infrastructure before us it can help them get closer to us or it can help them get further than what we're in right now. So that's why it's super crucial because then Cory has this first solution and they get to go to these big clients and say, "Look, I'll give you these solutions, but it's definitely going to be at a more pricier point, then maybe you can get it a few months from now. And if you're going to sign with me, you're most likely going to sign long-term contracts because I don't want something for just a month or two. there's other AI companies out there that would gladly pay the money right now and would gladly sign a long-term contract which increases the chance of that infrastructure being successful and providing money in the long term. So that's I I do believe the speed is crucial for core and they seem to continue to dominate in this space. They kind of talk a little bit kind of the specs behind it and pretty much this is an amazing product for inference and training. Many people don't believe that Nvidia is the king in inference, but with the NVL72, the ability to have 72 GPUs communicate as one is crucial for scale inference. And that is why the GB 300 and the GB200 and DL72 is a mastermind. The king, and I'm going to say it again, the king of AI for both model, for both training and inference. No other player has the ability right now in the market to connect 72 GPUs to each other. Um, now again, this is very bullish in my opinion for Core Weave. Now, the stock price has actually run up a nice amount. I'm not buying at these levels. I've talked about it in the past. This is a stock I'm actually dollar costing out of. I'm kind of selling my positions, but remember, I got in at 40. So, this is a one that two three more than 3x for me already. So, I'm kind of dollar cost averaging out, but I see this as kind of a bullish sentiment to the overall business. Maybe not necessarily to the valuation of the company. And again, me selling doesn't mean that I believe the stock price will drop. I believe stock prices can continue to go up, but I mean, I'm not going to give up multiple gains already. And at the end of the year, you really only need one or two massive winners in your portfolio that can completely help you destroy the overall market. and I'm not willing to lose that especially since I already have so many investments in the AI space doing well like Nvidia like AMD and the list goes on and on. So now I want to talk about why this is very bullish for Nvidia. So first is this is the GB300. The GB300 or the Grace Blackwell is a very unique system. The GB200 I thought was going to be the greatest product Nvidia provided. But the GB200, as we're going to look at through various news articles coming out for like the past six months, did face delay issues, did fa face yielding issues. And while it was a great product and still is, it's pretty much still ramping up and still being shipped out. It missed the mark because of those delays. Now, by Nvidia showcasing this that this is up and running already and it was expected to probably be released later on throughout the year. Um, typically you kind of get the products in the second half of the year. Right now, we're getting the new AI products in the mid year, the mid of the year. Because of this, it gives an indication that one, Nvidia is shipping the Blackwell Ultra. More importantly, it's shipping the GP300 and DL72. Like I mentioned, it's a more unique product, a stronger product, but a harder product to make. It also means that because they're shipping that product, they're most likely getting some great yields out of it. So, the whole supply chain drama, the whole delay issues that we saw in the GB200, we're not seeing here in the GB300. And luckily, we had kind of some alpha in quarter 1 of 2026. Here, I am on fiscal.ai. This is the best platform I use on a daily basis for my investment thesis. Check out fisc.ai/jose for 15% off and two weeks for free. No credit cards needed. And in their most recent transcript for quarter 1 of 2026, Nvidia and Jensen mentioned that the Blackwell Ultra sampling of GP300 systems began earlier this month. I believe this was on May at the major cloud ser providers. And we expect production shipments to commence later this quarter. So everything is on track. The GB300 will leverage kind of that same architecture as the GB200. So it's going to be a perfect Snap-on solution. And I do believe most analysts are underestimating and underexpecting how much the GP300 is going to do. If the yields are really good, and we're seeing that they are from results like this, I think that provides at least some evidence. I think the GB300 is going to be what the I thought the GB200 was going to be. And I'm very very excited about this. Now staying here, um I kind of want to look at some forward PE ratios for the three companies that we talked about right now. Um not Cororeef like I mentioned. I think Cororeef is actually pretty expensive and it's not it's a recent IPO that looking at forward uh a forward valuation and historical numbers doesn't really give us much of a picture. But I'm looking here for Nvidia for almost the past 5 years. Median forward PE ratio is 38.27. The median is not the average. So it does take off a lot of the noise which I enjoy a lot. Right now Nvidia is sitting at 32.81 even after these massive rallies. So this stock is a little bit undervalued compared to its normal. I like Nvidia. To me this is though my number one position close to 30% of my overall portfolio. This is one that because of my position side I don't know if I'm blinded by that position side where even though it's a bit undervalued this is not where I would be buying. hang out with the very small dollar cost averaging but again I see various bullish case and I am not selling anyone of my Nvidia shares so far. Now Verde and I'm going to talk about Verde in a bit but Verta for those that are not familiar helps with the AI infrastructure the cooling the powering of these data centers. This one as we're going to see is working um with core to to actually let's go back to this core thing. So um we see that our joint collaboration with Dell Technologies which is a public company switch private company so it doesn't really matter and Vertive on this deployment of Nvidia GP200 is fundamental to our speed and agility. Remember what I mentioned earlier on that the ability to be able to build AI infrastructure quickly is a moat in the market right now. It's not always going to be a moat maybe not necessarily mo is a strength and an asset. So we can see that the companies that are helping produce AI AI servers or AI factories pretty quickly are Dell Technologies and Verdiff and I do believe this is a great indication that they're doing it really well and it is a kind of a great marketing stunt. Uh so Verdiff um we can see it is trading at way higher than this typical median for PE ratio. The median is around 20.5 right now it's trading at around 33.8. I also want to say that Verdiff though is not the same company it was 5 years ago and I think I would gladly pay maybe a bit of a premium compared to its median on this stock right now I do believe maybe it's a little bit too high for my taste but if this one pulls back if that forward PE ratio for me gets closer to 25 26 and it's not impossible we've kind of seen it various times in the past year or so I would like it at that value that's where I would like it maybe I would even mind buying and I'm going to talk a little bit more about vert But I want to look at now the forward PE ratio of Dell Technologies. Dell Technologies is also a bit overvalued compared to its median. Right now trading at 12.5, the median is 9.7. So for me, this is one that not much has changed outside of the AI market, but the moat is not that much of a moat from what I'm seeing that I personally wouldn't pay a premium for like I would for Verde, right? It doesn't mean the stock can't go up. It's not that I'm bullish. the market is super strong in the AI server space but the overall business I don't think much is gaining from it in forms of margins or other outside of topline numbers that I would be willing to pay higher than the premium hopefully that makes sense to your mind and now kind of going back here to vertive why would I be willing to pay the premium soverive seems to be kind of like how coreweave is that helper of Nvidia to build these AI factories by building quick AI infrastructure and AI servers and getting it up and running pretty quickly. Verdiff seems to be that same player like Warweave but for the AI infrastructure. Here we can see that Verdiff has also extended its reference design library on its AI hub with the co-developed data center power solutions and cooling designs for Nvidia's GB300 NVL72. This was in April of 2023. And they kind of mentioned that by staying one GPU generation ahead, Verdiff enables customers to plan infrastructure before the chips land with deployment ready designs that anticipate increased rack power densities and repeatable templates for AI factories at scale. So one thing Nvidia wants to do, Jensen wants to do is make these factories AI factories super quickly because they get to sell more products, right? And like I mentioned, Corb is really good at it, but Verdiff seems to be a main player in the infrastructure side. We kind of see here that they are building kind of this massive data center, Colosseum. Excuse me. And one of the things with Coliseum is I Genius is building a blueprint with Colosseum designed to be repeatable globally with Verdiff and Nvidia aligned on future platform support including DGX, GP300 systems and beyond. So again, I do believe the AI factory market is coming and we're already seeing them be built out. Nvidia and Ver seem to have a very very great partnership that they are probably going to be the go-to players and I wouldn't mind paying that premium for them. Then Dell Technologies, Dell Technologies is not the first time we've heard from Dell and Nvidia. In May 27th of 2025, uh, Nvidia had a technical blog how Dell Technologies is building the engines of AI factories with Nvidia Blackwell and they kind of showcase how Dell is is projected that the AI server business will grow at least 15 billion at least $15 billion this year. That's massive. And they're kind of showcasing how they build the servers and shipping them um to massive massive customers. and it's why they were chosen by one of their largest customers to deploy a 100,000 Nvidia GPUs in just 6 weeks. So this cool partnership with Dell with Verdiff and with companies like Coreweave and Nvidia allows this true opportunity for AI factories. Uh so like I mentioned I thought it was very bullish for definitely Coree for Verde. It showcases that strength very bullish for Nvidia because it showcases that everything is perfect with the Blackwell Ultra. Maybe not perfect but near perfect. Now, the final thing I want to take a closer look at before I end this episode, and if you are enjoying, I'm trying to hit 75,000 subs. We're so close to hitting 70,000. So, make sure to hit the thumbs up and the subscribe button. Uh, but let's jump in here to Cadence and Synopsis. So, both Cadence and Synopsis were up about 5% for the day. Both these players are pretty much uh hit the same market. They design EDA software. So this software is what an engineer a chip designer uses to build a chip or to design the chip per se. Um unfortunately about a month ago maybe two months ago China said uh United States government said look you're not able to send this EDA solution over to China. We're going to restrict it and stock prices went down. Now there was a whole U-turn due to maybe some trade deals happening with US and China. that now synopsis and cadence are able to ship back to China. Right? So we saw these stocks up. Again, this is more on just the software that is used to design AI chips. It doesn't really have to do much with the AI design itself. But why I mentioned that this could be bullish for Nvidia is because it does showcase that the United States government is using export restrictions as a trade tactic. And while I don't believe United States should or would end up sending the best out of the best chips to China like the H100, the H200, the Blackwell, all 200, the B300, all that there is an export restriction on weaker down chips like the H20, like the potentially B30. And to me, this gives me the thought process, maybe some hope that the weaker down AI chips are going to be used as a trade tactic if we want something better from China. Another question is if that is the case, when will it be used? It's not going to be just for nothing. So there has to be something cool that comes amazing that comes out of it. I guess I would hope um in return for it. Uh so I don't know when that would happen, but if that does open up even the weaker down AI chip, it opens up a vast vast opportunity for Nvidia, for AMD and other semiconductor companies as well. So it just gives a glimmer of hope about that being a potentially reopen market. Um, so congratulations to Cadence and Synopsis shareholders. I do believe this is very bullish for y'all.