Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Hello and good morning, good afternoon. Welcome back to the breakfast show with myself and my co-host Jose. How are you today?
 I'm pretty good, Neil. Good morning. Good morning. And good morning to everybody watching. We already got some good morning uh messages here on the chat. So, just want to say good morning Josh. Uh good morning to everybody else here and thank you. Thank you for joining. Joseph, coffee time. We have Casper. Good afternoon. We have here Max. Afternoon all. Um and and over here in in in my channel we have well we have I'm guessing that's good morning Allan. Um this is a topic we're definitely going to be talking about right Neil. Uh Elon and uh Musk beefing again. We have Dan here.
 Elon and Musk beefing again. Yeah I know. I know he has multiple personalities but still that that's true. Elon and Trump here uh beefing again. Um, and I just want to say shout out to Fred. Good morning from Cape Canaro. Fred, that is like my second home outside of Jersey. Uh, maybe next time I'm down there. Um, we can see something there. But, uh, good morning to pizza, Kareem, and everybody else. Um, so Neil, I maybe we can start off with I'll let you start off. I don't know if that's the topic you want to start off with today. Just a little drama that continues to happen here. Yeah. So, it seems like after a month and and I'll actually pull it up because it is a funny I mean funny but not so fun I guess for Tesla shareholders because it doesn't really matter if you launch a robo taxi network or whatnot that news gets overshadowed by uh by Elon's tweets. Um, but a month ago, I don't know if some of you remembered, but a month ago, Elon tweeted out the following. Back to spending 24/7 at work and sleeping in conference server factory rooms. I must be super focused on XXAI and Tesla per Starship launch next week as we have critical technologies rolling out as evidenced by the Xuptime issues this week. Well, that was just over a month ago. Um, basically he was saying that he's going back to back to business. Okay, this was after the huge outage on X. Elon saying back to business and of course everyone most of them here are Tesla shareholder. Of course, Elon is back. He's locked in. Great to have him back. Tesla to the moon, etc., etc. Well, it didn't take long until we are back to Elon being well back into politics. So, last night uh again talking here about maybe creating a new political party, a third one basically an American, right? American middle party. um talking a lot about the spending issues especially the increase in deficit from the new well the big beautiful bill. So he went again on a tweeting spree uh yesterday. We also got some some uh Trump tweets or truths whatever whatever you you want you want to call it. Um we also have some comments here from Scott Besson. So he actually said that he doesn't uh agree with Musk on a bill adding to deficit. He admires Musk on rockets and he says he'll take care of the finances. Trump saying the one beautiful uh bill slashes deficits national debt while unleashing economic growth. I mean, of course, I have not wasted time by reading the hundreds of maybe thousands of pages of that bill, but from what I understand is that it is going to add to the deficit. Yes, it might increase GDP growth, but it will definitely add um to the deficit. So, again, this is I I just don't I just don't understand, right? Even this right from from Trump's side here, even this is a bit of a BS to me. Um because let me actually do this much better because Star um SpaceX I I think they already paid back all of these subsidies. Um, SpaceX also probably saved uh America space programs quite a lot of money because NASA was clearly not doing anything uh to accelerate to accelerate going back to the moon, going back to space and and all of that. SpaceX being a privately held company is also I mean yes it gets government contracts but it has still done uh quite quite a lot um something that something that a lot of people thought would never would never really happen. So again these statements here to me just don't make much sense. Yes, Tesla does get or did get subsidies and credits, EV credits and all of that, but so do uh all of the oil and gas companies, right? All of them also get subsidies. And uh Elon has said it time and time again, if you want to remove subsidies, remove it across the board. He has no issues. He has no issues with that. But only talking about removing it for EVs is not really is not really fair. So again, we have we have some uh some back and forth and well, we are now back, I guess, closer to $300. Yeah, pre-market we're actually uh down six%. So we're back under uh $300 $300. So Neil, uh I I I know you're a nice shareholder here of Tesla for for a long time. Um, do things things like this make you I I think in the past I don't know if it it was you've talked about that you wouldn't mind if Elon stepped down as CEO maybe just took another position in the company opposed to being kind of like the main face maybe like a CTO or maybe more of just um some form of just not the pure brand or the face of the company where he could do so much better as a CTO or maybe something else. Um, does stuff like this make you um continue to think of that thought process? And is that you that I'm thinking about or am I completely off here?
 No, I said I I I predict that Elon will step down as CEO and be more of a chief engineer, right? Just like with SpaceX. Um I mean it it was funny, right? Before it was, oh, Elon is damaging the brand and so that's why Tesla Tesla is is down. But then remember when he made that tweet that he's going to come back to Tesla and commit to to the companies, the stock went up. So So which one is it? Is it Elon needs to step down so the stock can go up or is it Elon needs to come back so the stock can go up? Um but I I I did I did say that despite the huge potential, yes, all of this of course political talk and all of that does hurt the stock, right? Like I said, I mean, we just they just launched their small robo taxi uh demo in Austin. They just um showed us that the car can go from the factory to to a customer. And yet all of that is already forgotten because of this political stuff. I understand that yes, increasing the deficit, making sure that the country does not go bankrupt is very important.
 Uh it's also very important not to be behind in this whole energy race, right? because it's quite clear that China is accelerating and yet the US is trying to slow down for some reason or another. I just find it very strange that it always has to fall
 down to Elon Musk doing something or saying something about it. Like, shouldn't this be uh an issue for all the other CEOs out there, especially those that need data centers, right? Especially those that do need a huge amount of energy. Like, why aren't they speaking up against this? It's just I don't know. It's it's very strange.
 I I I also wonder if it's just they're speaking up but we don't they don't do it in the avenues and I don't think any other CEO has kind of like the following that Elon does, right? So anytime he sneezes the world knows. Um I don't think anybody and at the end of the day some of these I think players also like to play the political game or kind of I wouldn't say the straight edge and I don't blame them, right? I mean certain CEOs they never chose the life of being any type of person to outspeak or or try to start fights. Um and I don't blame them for that either. Um I I I do believe that they would have teams. I think in the typical industry space what you end up seeing is maybe a co kind of like building a team um and and finding like legal works to help I don't I don't know either I I don't want to say bribe but just help other um other lawmakers understand what's happening. Right. And I think it's Elon probably takes a different approach where it's a little bit more um engaging it seems. But I I I would be surprised if Microsoft Meta and know these players aren't doing something to help um make sure we're able to build data centers super quickly uh to be able to build all this stuff um at a faster rate than we are right now. Now Neil, one final question, and I I see a lot of questions coming in here, so appreciate it. We'll get to them. Um, but as a big uh as a nice shareholder of Tesla, uh I'm pretty sure you have kind of similar thoughts with uh me with Nvidia where it's like I get to be patient, extremely patient on when I want to add more and more shares. What is your patient number here for uh Tesla where you'll be like, you know what, even though I have a nice amount of shares, this is a price that I would gladly continue to to put more into. or not. And I'm gone.
 Am I gone?
 I'm back.
 You're back.
 Okay, we're both back. So, your question is when at what price?
 Mhm.
 Would I be comfortable? What? Adding or
 adding more? Yeah, adding more.
 Adding more. Um, yeah. So since yeah since I hold it already since I mean hold it since I started buying in 2019 I'm of course in a much better position that those that bought in the last three years I'd say or four years because yes over the past five years the stock is still up if you bought five years ago but if you bought four years ago you're probably down. Um the stock has not been performing very well at all. I don't care what anyone is trying to convince you, but I I I still have that luxury that my overall position is still up. Most of my position is basically the house money right now. And so, of course, I did reduce my exposure to Tesla quite a lot actually. It's not like this is a hundred billion company anymore. No, it's already a trillion dollar company. Um, and so the riskreward of course was not that great. Now, am I going to liquidate my position? No. No, I'm just whatever I hold I hold. Um, because I still believe, yes, in robot taxes. I still believe in the energy side of the business. I still believe in humanoid uh robots. But I I do not want this whole political thing to ruin any potential uh upside of the overall portfolio. So it's now allocated accordingly. If we happen to drop back under I don't know what is what was it under 250 I think it was last time. That's when I added the last time. If we go back there again potentially I could be adding more depending of course on all the other stocks that I own and the prices that they're trading at. Um but yeah it's not like I will be jumping up and down now. Oh it's back under $300. What a bargain. Yeah.
 I don't think so.
 All right. Sounds good. Yeah. Uh all right. So, put that in the alerts, Neil. I know we have a few alerts here with um Apply Digital, with Nebulus, now add Tesla to the list. Uh thanks for that, Neil. Uh I I we got some questions here that I I I think we should try um try to grab from um from everybody watching. So, appreciate and make sure to get those questions in. Um let's see. Uh Megatron, my first foray into investing was Meta at 06. Oh, wow. That's pretty impressive. I was like, hell no. this is not going to disappear. So, I bought then I sold at 200. I mean, if you bought at 06 though, I think 200 is still pretty
 What is 06? I'm I don't know if they mean 2006.
 It wasn't public.
 It wasn't public.
 No, I was like 2014 or something.
 All right. At OG, I don't know. All right. But whatever. Um 90s. I don't It's crypto. Uh yeah, I mean sometimes that's the worst thing. Um, just selling too early. I think selling too early in stocks has definitely been one of the biggest loss in growth opportunities for I think some of my mistakes, my biggest costly mistakes have usually been uh selling too early. Um, we have this question here, Neo, it's for me, but I think we can both kind of discuss it. Jose, are you a fan of um bear bear AI? That's a different one now. Um, not big bear, not black bear. Um, but Bear Bear AI, is it too risky? Um, for me, yeah, I mean, I I I I it just I like to look things in in a way of like risk-to-reward ratio. It's just doesn't follow my risk-to-reward ratio. Um, I feel like I don't I'm not saying the top is there. Obviously, stocks can continue to go up 20% on a daily basis. That's what Big Bear AI has been doing almost non-stop. Um, but it's just not a style that I normally focus in. And uh I I don't know too much about the industry itself to really um focus in it. I would rather invest in other AI players. Uh any thoughts there, Neil? No. Uh I agree. Bear bear AI. Yeah. I mean we have uh here my biggest investment is in Tesla. Should I sell now? I mean if it's your biggest investment, you usually definitely means you probably have a thesis behind it. Um I'm g send back a question to you. has your thesis changed and anyway by this drama that's happening right now or do you see this drama more as noise? Uh so I think that's why it's also crucial to always have a thesis um and to see how it doesn't mean the thesis always has to stay the same in my opinion Neil. I think all types of thesis can continue to upgrade or be downgraded based on recent reports or or recent adoption especially in the tech industry. Um but see how what's happening now changes your overall thesis and then make a reaction towards that. Um anything you want to add to there Neil before I go under more questions? I don't know if I'm down or if Neil's down. If I'm down, this would suck. But I'm going to continue um to see and let me know in the chats if anybody can see that Neil is frozen or am I frozen? If you can hear it, just let me know. Um okay, it might be Neil. All right, so let's see what else do we have. Um let's see. I'm looking at some questions. So we have uh one bad LX. Uh Jose, is Nvidia buy at these levels? I mean I do believe I think this is one of those topics where you again you have to be extremely bullish in the AI space. Uh if you have no real growth um in the AI market or you don't believe the AI market is going to grow then I don't think Nvidia has to buy at these levels. Um to me I'm not adding and again pretty much how Neo is with Tesla where it's a big position Nvidia is close to 30% of my overall portfolio. Uh so I get the I get the opportunity to be very patient on whenever I want to add shares. At these moments I wouldn't. If I would it would be very very small dollar cost average. Um that's all I have for there. Um so for me if I was to buy at these levels it would be very very small dollar cost average. The semiconductor always tends to give us some form of opportunity. The question is, do we take those opportunities when they are given to us? Um, here we go. Sebastian, what's sup guys? First time here. Really like your channel, Jose. Appreciate appreciate feel. Thank you for joining us and hopefully Neil comes back. Uh, let's see what we have here. Um, Fred Fred asked, "Was Neil in for the Tesla 5 split?" Uh, I was nice, Fred. So, I'm guess you've been a nice long-term shareholder here. I I do believe right Neil mentioned he was here since 2019 and I believe the split happened in in the 20s in the early 2020s right so um I I I would assume he was there part of the split uh let's see so Kareem here I'm guessing this has to do related to um uh Tesla products continue to improve company continues to improve stocks drops are buying opportunities so I don't know if this is just a general thought I mean as a general thought I definitely agree if you see a company that you own the products continue to improve. If you see the company continue to improve both financials and and everything else, any form of stock drops are buying opportunity. A perfect example uh for me is right now Google. I think Google um products continue to improve in both the AI space and the cloud space. The company continues to improve um and and and the stock still kind of drops. Uh so that kind of goes to this recent recent comment here. Um, uh, from what do you think is a buy right now? For me personally, one of my favorite buys right now is Google. That's the one I'm pretty much buying into at this space. Um, there might be some other names that I can't I can't really think of, but usually if I find a really good opportunity, I try to close out everything else and just focus on that until I build a nice nice position. Uh, so Google is definitely one that I think is a buy. Um, let's see what else do we have and and let me know in the comments below. Um, um, what are you guys buying right now? If there's any stocks that we should definitely keep a closer eye out in forms of buying opportunity. Um, and you guys know me, I'm very very much focused in the AI space. Let me just check my phone real quick to see what Neil is up to. Neil says his connection is gone. Uh, so he I don't know. I don't know. I guess him him probably talking bad about Elon or something. Uh, Elon cut off his internet wherever he's at. Uh, so let's see what else do we have here. Um, so keep getting those questions. Any chance, Sebastian? Any chance that Recursion Pharmaceutical ends up popping in the long term? I think there's opportunity, right? This is one of the stocks that I have as a speculative play. um very speculative play in my overall portfolio. Ticker RXRX, they are a company that's focusing on using kind of AI uh data uh to improve the creation of drug discovery. Uh and this is something that Nvidia has talked really highly of, right? So for me, recursion is enough to put as a small speculative play because if it ends up popping, I do believe it could be a multibagger. Um but again, it's very very small in my overall portfolio right now. I'm just going to continue here with the questions. We have uh Pedro here. I would buy uh Tesla at 250. We do have a lot of people kind of talking around that 250 as well. We have uh Tristan mentioning 260 for Tesla. Uh I think Neil mentioned around 250 as well. Uh Florian here around 250 seems good considering some Blackmagic price action. I I I think I I actually I'm wouldn't mind adding uh Tesla around 250 as well. Uh I mean I use their car on a daily b whenever I drive and to me FSD is the greatest thing ever. Um now now Croc mentions anything under 200 I am adding that's definitely pretty um pessimistic in forms of the stock price but obviously the market always gives us opportunity so nothing is ever impossible. Uh so we have data centers max what about data centers? data centers. You are aware computing power doubles every 18 to 12 months. So why build data centers that will need new tech in less than two years. So Max, this is such a weird question. So you're saying don't build data centers because two years from now we're going to have better technology. But then two years from now if we go say we're going to build the data center, do we wait another two years to wait for the new technology? Um so the it's like you can't wait for technology to get better and that's why it it depends all in the technology artificial intelligence technology is innovating at a rapid pace. Can you imagine if open AAI does not use the newest AI chips right now how XAI, how Gemini, how all these other AI companies will lap them like no tomorrow because they waited two years. Uh so uh this is a market where you have to invest every time a new chip comes out. Um and it's no longer 18 to 12 months or 20 months. Right now you're seeing massive improvements on a yearly basis and you're still getting massive orders. Data center companies, I'm going to say if you don't slow down, if you slow down, if you stop buying the most advanced chips, you're going to lose market share. If Microsoft goes, you know what? I'm going to skip this generation of Nvidia. Google's going to be like, "Oh, congratulations. Yeah, safe that capex. You you do that, Microsoft. I'll take the orders that Microsoft and they call Nvidia and say, "Look, I know Microsoft maybe is cancelling some orders. I'll take them and you will see how quickly um Google will grow in market share versus Microsoft." Um, so Ricardo, I think, uh, uh, I guess this was talking about how maybe other CEOs are are taking the approach of maybe some of these regulations to help data centers. Ricardo mentioned agree with Jose. I think other CEOs just take another approach. Elon's way has its cons. Uh Max Bachelor's computer science finally useful. Congratulations. Um not sure in what we were recording here. Uh so we have here um and what is the AI energy play? Any names come to mind? So Sebastian AI energy plays. I mean there are a lot of just traditional electrical companies and utility companies that are getting a nice rise right now. Uh I want to say Sebastian personally if I am looking for a AI energy play I don't look for it. The main reason is AI energy plays are going to move the same type of reaction or going to move to the same type of reaction as any AI stocks. So it's not really much of a diversification. If I just want an AI industry, I might as well just focus on the AI chips. Um, I guess one of the main topics and the most popularing topics right now are kind of nuclear powers and SMRs, right? Uh, uh, small modular reactors in the nuclear space. Uh, so those are becoming kind of like the growth opportunities with with a little bit more speculation behind them. Um, but um, I I I personally don't have any AI energy in play. Maybe in forms of AI infrastructure, you do have companies like Verde uh that that a lot of people also do enjoy. Um so we have Fred, I did the same reduce my position. I'm guessing this is to Tesla. Let's see what other questions we have. Technology doesn't just grow and grow. It rises then flat lines then rises again. There's always a gap between technology being used and created and how it's used. Yes, very true, Max. Right. You don't have um all technology takes time. Um the question is you don't know how long the growth cycle rises. Uh cons the the the cycle goes up before it flat lines before it starts to go up right I mean we've what are two three years already into this AI cycle of LLMs they started in chat GPT in uh December of 2022 or was it December of 2023 regardless we're already in 2025 and it doesn't seem like this technology is flatlining just yet. So, while I do believe, Max, that you're right that technology doesn't just grow, there is different cycles and some cycles might last a little bit longer than others. Um, let's see. What about the logo? The logo. Let me just check out on Neil again. I don't know if what what what he's trying to do if he better be watching the show on his phone because if not, that's wrong. Um, but I'm going down to all the through all the questions right now. Uh, so if you have any more questions, feel free um to keep posting them and I'll share my overall thoughts. Let me just text Neo what's going on. He better better gave me a good money of today's streams. Um, so let's see. Thanks. Thanks. Um, and we have mix uh uh Felix here. Uh, sold half of my Tesla holdings bought Archer. Is that AC? Is that what Archer is? Is this the um AR Archer Aviation H? Nice. Nice. Best of luck. Best of luck. Definitely not a market. I'm too excited. Um Mark over here. Dude's girlfriend probably came over. Maybe maybe maybe Wi-Fi gone. So Neil says Wi-Fi is gone. All right, so you guys are stuck with me for at least the next next few minutes still. Um so let's see. Griff, my thesis was based on favoritism and corruption. That's why he asked. Okay. Um, oh, the thesis, not his the not Chris's thesis. I guess the thesis on Tesla. Um, if that's the thesis on Tesla, then that's definitely not the best thesis to to to go about. Uh, Max is is it worth doubling down on Google? I don't know. I am. I I think uh Google is going to be a going to continue to be a massive winner. think the market is still very angry at UNO's at Google's failure from about a year or two ago when they had barred and they believe this market is going to get eaten up um by all these other AI players. I think Google has a massive data flywheel. Um, from videos to imaging, they have Whimo. Um, they have more importantly to me the data cloud space, right? The data cloud market is super super important. Um, and that growth is going to continue dramatically. So, um, for it's worth it for me. Obviously, it can go wrong, but I really do like it right now. Um, John Neil is not here right now, but um, he's probably probably watching. So Neil, I just want to say I enjoy your recent video on SoFi. I was curious at what your range was for SoFi in the near future. My best guess, John, of what Neil would say is he is a very long-term investor of SoFi. So in the near future, he would say it can go up or it can go down. But in the long term, he believes that his money would do really, really well in SoFi. Um, we have here, what is your opinion about AMD? I like AMD. I know Neil is another AMD bull as well. Um they are showing that they are producing better products that can compete against Nvidia. It's not there just yet. I mean we can still kind of see that they're a little bit behind here. Um right they just released the MI355 which is competing against the Blackwell 200 where Nvidia is now shipping the Blackwell 300 already or the Blackwell Ultra. But I do believe the MI400 is going to be a beast and it does have the opportunity to just grab a nice few billion dollars and this is a market that's expected to be hundreds of billions of dollars throughout the next few years. So even a few extra billy here or there for AMD is amazing. So I really like it and obviously they have other growth opportunities from the embedded from the gaming and the consumer side. Um it is useful. Not sure hopefully I'm useful. Uh hopefully everybody's enjoying this quick Q&A. So we're just doing Q&A. So all right. So Neo is frozen. We finally made it uh to Neo being frozen. So we are still um behind in time. Uh Neo Elon is fine. Neo gave you the deaths there. Uh Neo is down. You're fine. Jose, thank you. Thank you, David. Um DM, is it still worth buying the alphabet? I do. I'm buying. I think Neo I don't know if he's buying at this moment. Um but um he is he is definitely uh bullish into it. Uh French boy that is actually Belgian frozen heat has changed continent but still let's see hold on I got a question. All right James we got a question here. I got a question about Adobe. What is the what is the earnings always beating etc but the stock price is struggling? I'm hoping that's what this question um change. So Adobe has this sentiment of the AI market eating it, eating and destroying it. I think that's the biggest thing about Adobe right now. The market is scared that Adobe is going to lose um uh Adobe is going to lose finally. Neo, look, look, man. Got to carry it.
 Amateur hour here for Neo. Um but pretty good. Neil, we have a lot of questions. I don't know if you want to continue here with this.
 No. Screw screw screw Tesla. Screw Elon. Screw everyone. Screw my Wi-Fi provider. I couldn't even find my Wi-Fi in my settings anymore. That's
 bad.
 I keep hearing wife, Neil. I'm like, what do you mean screw your wife? What does she have to do? You know it's bad when you can't even find your Wi-Fi in the settings. Um, so question here about Adobe. The stock is kind of the price. itself is failing even though the business is doing okay. I think we talked about this in the past Neil where um and actually can you switch us around? I hate being in this side. Thanks. Um thank you. I feel like home now. Um um I think this is a stock where the market just is worry very every every quarter they're worried is AI going to eat your market? Is AI going to destroy your business? And Adobe every quarter showcases that it's not losing to the AI space. But that fear is going to continue I believe Neil into the at least for the foreseeable future as long as we continue to see updates from companies like OpenAI from companies like Gemini. I mean V3 right is is super amazing uh AI generation with uh sound. Uh we're getting I I don't know if you've been on YouTube shorts you have kind of like this Bigfoot and Sasquatch um vlog happening. Uh, I'm pretty sure it's created by Yeah. Yeah. It's insane. Um, you have so many cool things like that that um it kind of on the top level it seems like it's eating uh Adobe Smoke, but I don't really think it is at the moment, but the market is looking at it that way. I agree. I agree. We we It's very very similar to another company we keep talking about, right? where the narrative is is bad but the business is not bad right and that other company is called Google I don't know if you already spoke about it because we think we wanted to correct oursel about something uh Adobe and open AAI related yeah yeah uh well Google and Google and open AI
 uh Google yeah um so yesterday we talked about it right there was the information that said that Google was uh open AAI was using um Google's TPUs uh ever Since that article came out, it seems like an open AAI spokesperson did come out uh Neil uh and and told the information that they are currently not thinking of using the TPUs. Um which I think is interesting, right? I mean it is interesting. And then the Reuters come out with came out with another article a few a few hours after that saying that while um OpenAI is not using the TPUs, they are still at scale. They're still testing them out. So they're testing them out at least.
 I also do believe that that OpenAI and Google News was more important of Open AI really really using Google as a cloud provider. I think that was the biggest takeaway. Um and I I did plenty of videos. My f I did two videos on this topic. You know, the first topic was like why I wouldn't be worried as a Nvidia investor. And now I'm even less worried, right? I mean it is now they're not using it as a TPU. So I'm less worried. But regardless, it does showcase one thing. They didn't reject the fact that they're using Google Cloud. So that tells me that this is a very supply constraint market and OpenAI wants to see as many um as many type of of products of compute out there. Uh so I think the overall thesis is still the same uh that the AI market is still compute constraint. I I do remember one one question because now of course my whole chat is gone but I I do remember one question when I talked about um when I said that I found it strange that the other CEOs did not talk about the fact that we need more energy especially those that build data centers and those huge uh that huge AI infrastructure and I believe there was one comment saying um why why would they care right what about what data center because every two years you uh new products coming out etc etc. So so so who cares? It's not about the products, it's about the energy consumption of those products and it doesn't matter if there are 10,000 new products the energy consumption is what you need. So um all of them will need it. So yes, you're building a data center, but the data center is built like the infrastructure is optimized to reduce energy in uh dependent, right? You want more output, less energy consumption. Doesn't really matter. Oh, there's a new product for Nvidia or AMD or whatever that's going going to come out next year in two years or a new SMCI rack or whatever. That doesn't matter. the energy is still the energy, right? It's just the product that can consume more or less, but the energy needs to be there. So, I I just I don't know. I just found it str a strange comment and I think I mean we need solar, we need all of it. So, nuclear and yes, like you said, probably other cos and this is something I've said on X as well. Uh, as a Tesla shareholder, Elon has been in the administration, right? So, he had six six months the time to figure things out, right? instead of being a a vocal on X maybe like the rest of the cos that probably do this through lobbying or whatnot. But uh moving on um
 there were a lot of uh um yeah go ahead go ahead.
 Uh yeah we can go back to the there were a lot of whatever you were going to say but here Mar saying Adobe lost its or is losing their core audience. I used to you I used to use them for work not anymore. AI will not help them. Uh I mean again so far the data suggests that they are still growing. AI is definitely helping them. It's it's definitely helping those that use Adobe because it makes the workflow easier. I don't know what you're using today or what you used Adobe before that has been replaced today with AI because okay AI is great right you can generate images can generate videos but if you still need to edit all of it I I guess you're still going to use Adobe and see and if you want to use it for commercial use I guess Adobe is still the only player that can license things um without getting hit by uh by any lawsuits. So yes, you might not use it anymore, but the data suggests that a lot that they're still growing. So yeah, and and I would just be curious here, Merrick, just to understand like what were your workloads used with Adobe that now you're using with AI, right? Because with Adobe, you have so many different solutions that AI mean, unless there's some type of AI tools that I might know about. Um but uh would love to hear what your what your actual use case was and and were you using kind of like the whole toolkit of Adobe and is that's what's replaced or were you just using one niche product within Adobe and that's what is um probably being done by AI at the moment. Yeah. What did you want to say before?
 I think I was just continuing here with the question. So uh um Marian just mentioned while Loop Capital raised Nvidia to 250. Um there were also a lot of questions you know about SoFi while you were gone. Um some more like this general statement. Uh so for those that might still be here and wondering about Elon SFI thoughts go ahead. I mean Neil's not Elon's Neils SoFi thoughts go ahead. Um it yeah it does seem like like I showed before pre-market it does seem like we are red. So, SoFi is also now down 2% uh pre-market. Yesterday, we were at $18.5. Now, we're back under $18. I did a SoFi video actually yesterday sharing my thoughts on all of it. Um again, can I enter SoFi now? It's like it's the same question with can I enter another stock now? Right? It depends on your investing horizon, right? If you want to exit next week, uh then I'd say I don't know. If you want to exit 5 10 years from now, then I can probably say yes. Uh because I do think that SoFi today, yes, $20 billion. But I do expect this company to be much bigger in the future. Same with a lot of other names out there. So with SoFi, I expect this company to be much bigger in the future. I also expect that in the short term, we are going to see some volatility. Makes total sense. I mean, this whole market has gone up quite quickly. We've talked about it yesterday again, right? Plenty of stocks are overbought, plenty of stocks are overextended, plenty of stocks are overvalued, right? Companies worth tens of billions of dollars while they barely generate any revenue. To me, it's not normal. Um, I I I posted something on X before saying that my feed uh looks like a feed for gamblers and less for investors. When that happens, usually it means who are near the top. And uh someone Chris actually uh commented and said that when I see something like oh this stock only has 20% upside why is it so low you know uh you know what time what time it is in the in the market in the fear and greed uh uh barometer. Yeah it it's definitely a a scary time I think right now for me to be looking at any growth stocks at the moment. Um, we had this question. Does Tesla's dojo AS6 chip have a chance instead of Nvidia in uh a chance instead of Nvidia? I mean, I think their dojo as chip has actually done uh really well. I know um Elon has talked about it that it was really strongly designed for video processing. Um and that's some way that actually it is used a lot in their AI solutions. So, this is a perfect way of ASIC um doing what it needs to do. Um, and then I mean we do know that Elon is also a big purchaser of Nvidia solutions. I mean they're still building some massive NVIDIA data sensors. So it showcases that you can have chips to do specific workloads but still need kind of a form of general uh AI accelerator that can do everything else. Um, so I think uh Tesla is a good example of um the two coexisting with each other. Agreed. I mean, Elon has has said himself, right? Nvidia's chips are just so good that they'll keep buying them until they they see some real real difference between that and and the Dojo one. Uh it's it might be a bit similar than as to what Google is doing with their own TPUs, right? They're also buying Nvidia, but they're using uh their own chip. Although I do think that the TPUs from Google are just way more advanced right now than uh Tesla's dojo. Yeah.
 Uh, two question here again on Adobe or question comments from more comments. Adobe is an interconnected ecosystem. You can't replace it with AI overnight. I agree. I agree. And then we've got more info from uh Maric here. 100% Adobe before, now less than 5% Adobe, 90% Figma plus uh Mike's tools. So I guess
 miscellaneous tools. Yeah. It's why you got me here, Neil.
 Yeah. Every once in a while I I I I can prove something.
 Mhm. Exactly. Once in a while you you add some value when my internet disappears on me. Um let's see what else.
 Ah, this explains it. This explains it.
 Ah, it's always the same. Can um so Neil there's this one uh Louis what do you think is a buy right now if you I I mean you talked about it earlier where it's like it's based on your feed uh based on how you're feeling this morning um based on your Wi-Fi being down it's it it all leads to a a bearish sentiment not your your Wi-Fi being down um it leads to this bearish sentiment um at least in in certain markets does that give you at least an opportunity in other markets to maybe say, you know what, you're not that bad right now? Um, well, it goes into the this question right here from uh Nihar about about PayPal because PayPal is again one of those companies that yes, did not really participate in that uh huge huge runup, I'd say, or huge overvaluation of of plenty of stocks. Um I don't know if you can pull up the the the previous comments the previous comment that you pulled up uh from the question but there are definitely names out there right there are definitely names out there that are still I mean Google again we are back with our Google it's like we are broken records but uh Google again is a is a good stock is a good company at a good price um even when even when we think this stock has gone up, the market says no, you you will come down a little bit more. You will come down a little bit more. So there there are definitely some stocks that are still fairly valued, a Google, a a PayPal in my eyes. I know for some people PayPal is is a no-go and has been dead money for a while, but I think it's a better company today than it was uh a year ago or two years ago for sure. Yes, growth rates have come down, but right now it's by design because margins is going up, but that should change um in the back well in the second half, which is actually now because now we're entering the second half of of the year. Um what other names? I mean, I mentioned United Health, but now I'm biased because I own it, but United Health is also one that I mean, it's down 50%. The business is not down 50% and it's still not expected to take such a huge hit in the future either. Yes, there there are some political hits that it can take and changes and stuff like that, but it is an it is an overreaction in my opinion. Um, what what else? Maybe even a Qualcomm. I'd say Qualcomm is also a quality company that I don't think is is overvalued. Far from uh there are some European companies out there that are um of course there are European companies. they're trading in euros and now that your dollars are weaker as a US investor buying in euros now might not be the best thing. Me as a guy with euros buying in the US might make might make a bit more sense. Um but yeah that maybe even Adobe we just spoke about Adobe. So there are definitely some names um out there. Uh Tristan asks here about PayPal or Shift 4. I like Shift 4. um in my uh draft that I I mean we did a draft with uh some other folks I put I put shift four there because I couldn't pick uh other other fintech companies. Shift 4 is another one growing very fast profitable. Yes, there is no Jerick Isaac man anymore as CEO is on the board but still there is value basically I can go on the list is quite long so I I guess there are still many opportunities many opportunities out there. um multip and and just I I agree and I think also want to say just because they're valued right now doesn't mean they're going to grow right off the bat, right? I mean these could continue to to seem like value for maybe a few months, a few quarters. Um but it and that's why it's crucial to have kind of like a a bullish thesis on them and to see why what you want the market to finally wake up and see oh wow this company is doing this and it's completely completely um undervalued at the moment based on what the market isn't seeing. Um Neil there was a question here and and we kind of talk about Google and and I mean it's a a rightful question to kind of think about and it was uh uh Topcat. He was saying why buy kind of like Lisa is here. AMD's almost CEO Lisa is here. Um you could have bought Google at 164 like a week ago. Why buy it at 174 now? And then kind of talks about technical analysis and stuff like that. I mean I I think it's a rightful question, right? I mean I think it's good. Um I think Topcat is good to understand that I mean maybe people find other opportunities outside of Google when it was 164. maybe there was another opportunity out there that they liked a little bit better. Um 164 to 174 is only about a 6% gain. Um I believe if you believe this is a stock that's going to be a multibagger um and you're dollar cost averaging and not putting all at once, then I also believe a 6% isn't something to deter you. Um, and especially if you're more of a long-term investor, if you're a trader that needs to kind of make that money, that 10% on a weekly basis, hit quota or you're not um your wife beats you or something, I don't know. Um, then um you have to I think that's when you worry a lot about prices like that. But I think a 6% jump for a long-term thesis on this doesn't really impact me too much. Um, it does show that the market is volatile and I believe there will be bigger opportunities. Maybe I wouldn't go all in now. Uh, but I would still be a nice dollar cost averager at these price points. How about you, Neil?
 Agreed. Agreed. I mean, 164 174, it's not really a big difference, right? If you think this stock should be in the 200s, if not more, why should I care, right? 164, 174, it's still undervalued. And as long as something is undervalued, I will keep on buying. It was also at 150 a month and a half ago. So 150 undervalued. 164 undervalued. 74 undervalued as well. It's funny because I actually talked with someone yesterday about Google and he said, uh, I want to get into Google at around $150. And I said it was at $150 a couple of times, uh, this year already. Um and then the the answer he gave is like yeah but there was uh uncertainties around around the names regulator uh and and and all of that losing share to cha GPT and I'm like you know nothing changed
 nothing yes
 since 150
 since 150 and and 164 174 like it's still the same Google I could even say that Google today is better than a month and a half ago. Um,
 so
 that is uh
 yeah narrative narrative gives
 narrative driven uh writer
 it's cringeworthy. Um he's a good guy. He's a he's a good guy. So I I'll give I'll give him that. But yeah 6474 even if it's it was it was still at 180. I mean
 anything under 200 today I would still consider a good a good opportunity for me with uh with Google. Of course, I I think both of us already added quite a lot uh this year.
 Um and so yeah, I mean um it it's a weird I want I don't know. I'm thinking about Google becoming like a a 20% position in my portfolio. It it's it's becoming that exciting of how the market is just so angry at this. It's wild and there is a lot of upside. Yeah. So um this one this one is is I I don't know, Neil. Uh let's see here. Hey, Jose. Neil, here are thoughts as well. What are your thoughts on ASML? Um the Oceanside, I'm very bullish in the semiconductor equipment space. Uh I do believe the semiconductor equipment space um is extremely cyclical. Obviously, you only have selected amount of customers in this industry. Um but ASML has done a few things to kind of eliminate the cyclicality by doing things like maintenance um refresh uh their parts uh I forget what they call it their services business um and that helps with the nice cash flow area. I think right now their main customers are kind of in a nice upcycle where we see TSMC expanding um into different parts of the world. They also have uh more buildings expected to be built later on throughout this year and throughout this decade not only in the United States but in Europe in Japan the list goes on. So there's this nice tailwind for customers for ASML. Uh this because of one new fabs being built but number two what's something that gets me really excited is there is this new transformation happening with the way chips are being manufactured after we go below the two nanometers. Um so like for for things typically in the Armstrong um metric uh need another form of error. We're doing things like backside power um like gate all around um and all this is creating another tailwind for equipment. So I think long-term ASML will be a semiconductor a market beater. The question is when will the market turn around for it? But I do like it. I don't own it but I'm bullish in the equipment space. Thoughts there Neil? Uh yeah, strong company, great future. If you want to get exposure to the semiconductor equipment maker, I guess this one is up there at the top of the list. Uh I just I think both of us already have too much exposure to the semiconductor industry. So we don't hold this one, but it's a very good very good name for sure. Um, Neil Neil, thoughts on on on Apple? Yes, big big thoughts on Apple. Um, by the way, I did I did start a poll. Has the market peaked in the short term? Currently 5050 um is the is the result. Apple. Apple is a is a very is a very interesting one because Apple yesterday um the stock let me the stock yesterday spiked right uh the last two hours of the trading day and it's you you would think yeah you you would think that the stock spikes because suddenly they are playing again in the AI race maybe they released something right their own model may maybe they did something very very Good, right? But um No, they did not. They did not. Um Apple,
 what did they do? Neil,
 Apple went up um because apparently they are considering using Entropic or OpenAI in Siri, basically ditching their efforts to make it a successful product um on their own. And the market was like actually very nice
 genius move genius move
 very nice yeah considering outside AI to fix Siri in major reversal. So the market is happy that Apple figured out that they suck at AI and so we are putting the stock back up over 30 times PE because why the heck not because it's not called Google that's why
 you know it's so wild because it's like I was looking at comments it was like Tim Cook is cooking again oh Apple this turn it's like I I don't even think Tim Cook is half awake yet like the alarm just rang. on for for for Tim after like ringing seven, eight times already. He's finally done pressing the snooze button, but he still has so much to do. Um, but Neil, I I I like this a lot though. This with the Google news that OpenAI is using Google. We had Oracle yesterday announced that um the CEO was going to talk to the team yesterday and mentioned that one contract by fiscal year of 2028, which was kind of it's like calendar year 2027, can do about $30 billion annually that they just signed. That's insane. One c one contract um 30 billion annually.
 Do you think it's the Stargate one?
 I think I think it's Stargate, but I don't think it's Stargate US. I think I think that's too far off. I think it might it has to be Middle East. That's the one I was thinking of. Um and then you also had so we had Google um in the open AI even though they're not using TPUs they still need more compute. We had mic um Apple saying look we need to invest somewhere and you have a huge consumer in the Apple ecosystem. So whoever they go with anthropic or open AI they're going to need more compute at the end of the day to run that inference. So you have that as well. Um uh so you're going to need more compute there. have uh Oracle with this big news and then you had Meta um kind of yesterday they leaked the press the the memo of of kind of this new AI changes I don't know what has changed in the past yeah so they hired so many engineers a lot of open AI engineers if I may say they also have some some Gemini and I think I saw like when one one anthropic uh guy uh but like I think 80% of these yeah 80% of these were um open AAI I guys uh the other one was there were some Gemini Whimo which was pretty cool but to me Neo this is I haven't seen this much excitement the AI market has been excited it has been extremely excited but I feel like in the last two weeks the excitement has grown dramatically from what we're hearing from all these CEOs I don't think the stock prices have moved that much I mean meta did go up but I think for Mark to do something like this. I don't know what has shifted with AI that he sees this need that he needs to accelerate the spending dramatically because he wants to lead this and for him to accelerate this quickly. I feel like there might be something that I I wouldn't bullish in the AI space. I think I'm not bullish enough after after this week's um reports on on and it's only Tuesday on what we're seeing with a lot of these big players. Yeah, I don't know. It's it's quite crazy because when you see like for first of all it's it's hilarious that this comes out after the podcast of Sam Olman when he claims that nobody's leaving even with these huge packages. You don't mess with Mark.
 Yeah, exactly. Mark said you know what TKO puff he's like and I mean because those are a co-creator GPT40 voice mode. Then you have here help build 0304 mini GPT40 GPT 4.1 4.5 uh imagen uh co-creator of GPT40 you have your co-creator of chat GPT chat GPT4 or mini model so he he's he's gone there and he's like you know what I'll take you I'll take you you and you you come with me and we're we're going to we're going to destroy everyone else. Now the question is what is he going to do like I mean because is it only for meta AI is it like lama for llama 5 I don't know like cuz what what is he going to do because open AI does have one special thing that's the first mover advantage that's the I don't know 800 million users or or whatever what whatever they have right now of course Meta does have billions of users on their platform but I don't know when I go on Instagram or or whatever, I don't go and look for the meta AI and start to chat with with the bot. Um, I usually look at just funny videos and sports stuff. So, I don't know. I don't know if this is purely maybe for for creator tools, advertising, uh, AR, VR, Lama 4, probably Lama 4, Lama 5 models of the future. But is this like h how is this going to accelerate the consumerf facing um product? How how is this going to take away shares of of uh of open AI maybe maybe Google Gemini as well? Although Google Gemini more recently has been taking more share of open AI than the opposite. So yeah, I don't know. I I I I think that Mark really believes AI smart glasses, AI and smart glasses are the future. Um, and we've seen Google really announced them also with their IO event. Um, I think he wants to make sure that that Apple thing doesn't happen. He's very bullish about that opportunity right now. I think that's where they're going to really focus on that consumer product that you don't even have to be an Instagram or or a Facebook user or any of that. you could just be a smart AI glasses user. Um, and I think he wants to double down on that opportunity.
 You think you think he wants to license it or just use it for his own product?
 I I I would say he wants to just create that ecosystem and just make it itself be like the new phone um which he keeps talking about. And I mean we've seen Open AAI really trying to go with that. it obviously large language models are important but I think the big opportunity right now is going to be what is that and I think everybody's discussing AI is not perfect for your phone I mean I even I knew I don't use AI mainly on my phone like if I want to do any of my models or anything like that I'll rather go onto my computer so first thing I do believe that for most the big AI use cases are not going to be used on your phone it has to be some other platform that becomes a lot easier to do that um and I think they're trying to find that and I think Mark believes it's the glasses or whatever they're working with with those AR VR and uh AR VR glasses, AR glasses and the AI smart glasses. So, I think that's where he wants to double down and take that market share. He wants to become the Apple of it. Um and I'm uh before I mean we saw OpenAI, right? They they made that acquisition of um I forget what that IO
 Yeah. Um, not so sure it can be called IO because there's a lot more. Yeah, yeah, there's that lawsuit with IO. That That's wild. Um
 Um, but yeah, Johnny Ives company and and I I don't know I don't know if this is a joke or not, but did you see the the rumor yesterday that the first product will be a pen?
 I saw that. I I can't imagine it being a pen. I feel like most kids don't even use pens in schools anymore.
 Can't even write. You mean? Yeah. Um, but no, I mean it's true. I most of the time when I use Gemini or or Perplexity or whatever, it is on on PC. Although I mean since I use a Pixel phone, I can't say I like hey Google and then I start talking with Gemini and then that's how I have a conversation. If it's if it's something really quick or like if I need a I need to take a picture or something and you want to search um through through image which is very very useful I guess. Yes. Once you get conversational AI in in smart glasses and you can just have a conversation with it, right? You just hey meta or whatever then usage will go up I guess. But I I just don't see myself using it on PC. It's just going to be like when I am walking and I have the glasses on and it's like, "Hey Meta, play music." Or, "Hey, Meta, what do you see here?" Or, "Show me the road like navigate through whatever, whatever." Um, so yeah, I don't know. I don't know where he's going with this. I don't know where he's going with this. May maybe it has something to do with with VR and AR and then of course integrate everything with the meta ecosystem. It's uh again I I don't I don't know how other than subscriptions how these companies will make money.
 Yeah. Licenses, subscriptions, huge contracts. Um yeah, OpenAI is making money through subscriptions and now government contracts it seems. Um, but the others I don't know. Okay, for Meta it doesn't matter because anyways they they print cash with their core business.
 I think they're gonna have to find a way to integrate ads into it, you know, without making it ad crazy. You don't want billboards all over, but you have to find a way to somehow
 it's very easy. You know, with AR, you can already imagine yourself walking in the street and suddenly an a virtual billboard pops up.
 Um,
 of course, it cannot be intrusive, but that's the word. Yeah, it can't be. Mhm. Uh, but yeah, it makes it like you walk and let and let's say you have you have billboards, right? and the glasses see the billboard, they just replace whatever you see on the billboard, like whatever people see on the billboard to something that only you see through your glasses. Um, I think someone said something last week. I I can't remember where where or when, but imagine with AR, you go into a supermarket where all the products are like white label products and based on your profile, you see different things in that supermarket. Um, different different brands. I' I think different brand. I mean the I don't know the option are quite big right the options are quite big um I mean even in video games I would assume that you can integrate ads in a video game like GTA you like you drive down Los Santos and suddenly you see ads that are being targeted to you. Well, that was a a thing that um supposedly Microsoft was was working on um where it's like they were going to have billboards and then you can kind of integrate your own ads whenever like just based on on I guess player information and data. Yeah.
 Well, technology, but I can see it working. I can see it working for sure. I mean, this would be the dream scenario. Of course,
 imagine playing playing Pokemon Go with mixed reality glasses. I mean, that's the multi-billion dollar idea right there.
 Yeah. Be like, "Babe, I need to get us and my son some VR glasses right now. You have some fatherson bonding time.
 Can Can you walk out the door? Can Can you go walk with the kids?" I'm like, "For sure we can. For sure we can. We will also catch some Pokemon."
 Yeah. Um, let's see what we got. Any other questions here? We have a lot. Um, let's see. But I don't know which one I want to take. Scott wants to know about personal lives. Scott, Jose, and Jose Neil, do you two have other jobs or streaming your full-time job? I mean, I don't have another job, but streaming is not a full-time job. just kind of semiconductor investing and doing this this content creation stuff. It's my full time.
 But you do have another job.
 Being a dad is not a job is a gift.
 Whoop. There you go. End of the stream. Bing
 bing.
 Um,
 no content creator, I'd say, would be the full-time title. Um, because we do YouTube, but we do also work with uh both of us actually work with the fool. So um
 yeah. Yeah. I mean it it's so cool how this can actually become a business. You work with different partners for advertisements. It it's really uh if you want YouTube to become a very successful financial living um you have to treat it as a business. Uh so it's uh full-time um can go with it really really well. Correct. Uh correct. Um, let's see. What else do we have?
 I do I I think we can both address this. Um, AI will kill businesses that can't compete just like the internet did. I I think it's more it will kill businesses that don't adapt because the internet definitely did not kill the different the internet transformed and I'd say the I mean thanks to the internet you have a company like Amazon for example um that adapted so I don't think it will kill businesses it will definitely kill some would make some businesses obsolete but the internet also augmented businesses transform businesses, transform industries. I think AI can do the same the same thing.
 Um although some jobs will disappear. Yes. Yeah.
 Uh I I agree. I agree there, Neil. And and kind of talking about some stocks here that maybe were undervalued. Um we have G I Gilab is another one I forget. GitLab I I I do like a lot right now. Uh Salesforce, not one I'm I'm too much of a fan of. Um, but here's another CEO that has a lot of hatred. But it's weird, Neil. Um, you know, I talked about how Mark has massive hatred um towards uh Apple and I actually like it. I feel like Salesforce CEO such has such also Mark.
 Oh, is it is his name Mark too?
 Yeah.
 Oh my god. But he has so much hatred against Microsoft. Uh I don't know. I don't think he's ever said really anything like
 I don't think it's versus but co-pilot in general he hates it. He hates it. He like bullies the crap out of it.
 But I feel I don't know. I don't like that that that feud. I feel like it's a little too um it's weird.
 It r It's more like an obsession than like a than like a villain arc. I think Mark Zuckerberg meta is a is a villain arc. I think this is more like an obsession arc, which is is is not um it's not something I really do enjoy, but I do.
 And Mark and Mark's obsession comes from a I won't say good place, but at least to me it makes sense.
 To me, it makes sense cuz cuz he knows he could have done probably way more. and he knows he could have generated billions of dollars more and released way new way more products but couldn't because of Apple's restrictions and like their excuse of oh security on the phone and blah blah. You've probably all seen the same clip like if security is a problem
 then just make sure that the security under the phone is better like it's not such a big deal.
 Yeah. So so it's not about privacy and security it's about making sure that Apple keeps the profits. Um, but yeah, the ultimate val. Yeah, I agree. And I feel like this one, it doesn't really come out of anything out of it just seems like pure jealousy to me, right? I think that one with the CRM, it looks like more like a pure jealousy. And I agree. I think the other one is more of like it makes completely sense. It's um but yeah, um we have whim here. I'm kind of talking about Qualcomm as well. Uh like you mentioned, um let's see. Let's see. said here saying AI will be good till business are not making any money any more profit from it onto the new now those are you were talking about a different thing you were talking about businesses that sell AI products I'm talking about businesses that adopt AI that would make their business um more efficient or or whatnot it's not about yes pumping up AI or pumping up SAS or NFTTS or or whatever and then moving on to the next shiny thing actually making sure that your business is adapting to to the new the new world cuz if you don't adapt then another business will come in adapt do better than you and then you're out of business and uh goodbye. So yeah, and I think this is such a real question too. It's like when AI replaces if AI really does imagine replacing all workers with AI after that, how do you come up with another way to make more money? I do think there is some there has to be some thought about this. What happens after that? It's like if none of us are working, are we at some Wall-E uh fantasy? Um where we're just fat and riding around in in hovercrafts all over um and going to the moon in in in Elon's ship. Um but I don't think we're there yet. But I think it's a question. It is a question and I think this question is known. So it's going to be a thought process throughout this innovation. I hope.
 I mean yes. Yes. But I mean I think humans not working and being bored all day is not a positive thing for society. I think um now of course if that you make money and can do whatever you want then I guess you can be busy by doing things that you like. So, I guess that's the balance. And if you can own a humanoid robot that works for you, then I guess I guess you're the boss until the bot turns against you, then you're the slave.
 Yeah. I mean, at the end of the day, it's like right now, what is truly money? It's truly money is kind of like the worth of time, right? So, I guess then it's like does money can I don't know. I mean, this is a whole question that can go through anywhere. Like Max mentioned, money gets loses its value. Um
 then how do you
 but there's another Yeah. What do you value? What what is becomes the value then? Yeah. Then then inflation skyrockets because if because if it's free money then like how do you how do you what I'm going to spend $1,000 for an apple? What is it? I don't I don't know. Um I don't want to touch on this because I don't agree that another social media startup could come in make a better product and market disappear.
 It's as you can see Snapchat is another product.
 Yeah.
 And should have done well in in this AI AR VR life.
 Yeah. And maybe is doing well. like I I think they're still growing a little bit, but the only people that made money from Snapchat are its own employees, okay, from stockbased compensation. Uh investors did not. Um and then Zak and and Meta's big advantage is not just AI and the infrastructure that they've built. It's the three plus billion users that they have on their platform. I mean, go and try and get that.
 Um it doesn't happen overnight and not even over
 a thousand nights. um that that's their that's their use huge huge uh advantage here. So
 I mean OpenAI is a perfect example a company that can raise billions of dollars and they need a social platform yet they have yet to create one and if they do is it going to really eat up now you're telling me some random startup that doesn't even have fundings um is going to be spending billions and billions of dollars on AI infrastructure creating an ecosystem um behind it. Um, so it's it's it's a lot harder. And even a better product, it has to be marginally it is marginally the right word? It has to be really really big. It has to be massively better. It can't just be marginally better. If I have like a social platform that I don't I'm already human habit is a real thing. And breaking human habit is crazy. If I'm going to break something, my habits for something, it has to be something that provides way greater value, not just 10% more fun, something like 50% fun, because I don't have to shift or learn the things over and over again. Um,
 yeah. And I mean, I don't I don't know if OpenAI is still working on a social media platform if or if that was just an idea that they uh floated around cuz again, how many new social media platforms do we really need? like what what like you say what is open AI going to offer us that meta isn't
 like more images more videos uh more fake AI I don't like yeah and and now we can see open AAI is doing it Google ll slowly true it is but those are behemoths you I think the original topic um was like a startup I don't open AAI while it is startup it's no no longer a startup funding $300 billion worth of valuation uh Google at at at three uh
 doing what
 I guess I I guess kind of the overall um thoughts of building some form of social platform. Um
 I don't know if they're doing it
 the I would say YouTube is a YouTube I mean you hear YouTube streams I would consider this a social networking skill. I mean you you Google tried yeah Google plus or whatever that was called back in the back in the days it failed failed miserably. Um, you could say yes that's YouTube is is their own version of social. Although the community aspect of this whole
 I wish they had a Discord ability. A Discord ability. Yeah, like the community tab.
 Yeah,
 the community tab could have been so much better.
 Yeah.
 Um, could have been so much better. OpenAI did great by scaling up first mover advantage and all of that, but it's not really a social like it doesn't hurt meta at all.
 Um that I go and generate an image on OpenAI or or say hello uh and and like that that doesn't move the needle. Um social media is not easy to scale. Um then you wouldn't have just Yeah, you wouldn't just have um meta I mean it took XAI forever. I mean, you only have three players, right? You have I would say you only have four
 meta.
 You have Oh, Tik Tok. Tik Tok. Meta Tik Tok.
 I mean, Tik Tok
 XAI I wouldn't h Yeah. Yeah. I mean, yes, you have like Snapchat, Pinterest, uh Metas platforms, like all of the platforms. Um Tik Tok. Tik Tok of course got huge thanks to us being locked locked in. Uh I I
 I wonder Yeah. Yeah. I I wonder if if they would have been this big. Probably not. Probably not. Um probably not. Um so no, I don't I don't think
 uh social media is easy to scale at all. Especially not today because again what what are they going to do? like video is already done. Image is already done. Live streams is done. Uh messaging it's done. So what is it? VR AR Meta is working on that as well. Snapchat is doing so. So so I don't know. I don't know.
 Let's see. We got 10 minutes till earnings. I I mean not earnings till market opens.
 Um seems like a a reddish day today. We have AMD down about 2.4% what I'm seeing right down there.
 My god.
 Um, we have Nvidia down 1.18%. Microsoft is green for some reason. Amazon seems flat right now. Let me pull up Trading View really quick. Google is point down.3. Um, yeah, let me
 Yeah, like you mentioned Tesla down that 5 point almost 6%. Um I think that's the biggest mover pre-market. Uh is it? Yeah, I think it is. Let me pull up
 in like the main main guys. Maybe there might be some random no-name stock or meme stock. First of all, the 10year we're at 4 23. So over the past month, this has consistently come down. Okay, not bad. Not bad. Okay, let's see. European markets red. So, Europe is red. Um, Euro rises. Yeah, it's up now 1.18 by the way. Um, pretty crazy. Asian markets are also red. Two. Well, the Nifty50 and Shangai were a bit green. Pre-market in the US, we're red a little bit. Um right now uh as we kick off the second half of 2025 with oil sitting at 65.54 um bonds wise again nothing much has moved. Crypto is red here as well and gold is still up. So that's basically it at the moment. Sorry. Let's see what else we got here. Bank of England chiefs downward interest rate trend as UK hunts for growth. Okay. Um Oh, look at this news. Web giant Cloudflare to block AI bots from scraping content by default. H.
 That can be interesting. I mean, it's probably already too late.
 Yeah,
 it's probably already too late. Uh plot twist, it's the big A companies paying Cloudflare to do that now. So, uh competition doesn't able isn't able to start. It would it wouldn't surprise me to be honest. It wouldn't surprise me. Um do you wanted to pull something up? No. No. I was just watching a shirt my wife sent me and I thought it was funny. And I lost train of thought while while I was watching it. your Wi-Fi. Yeah, my Wi-Fi. Uh let's see what Pony AI is doing. Down a little bit after it jump on that potential Uber Uber announcement a couple of uh couple of days ago. Basically, all of it has been erased. Robin Hood, I probably think it's still up.
 Is Pony AI Chinese, Neil? Yeah, but they have a Pony US and that's what Uber and the ex co-founder want to take to take over basically the US uh operations according to that according to that report.
 So they want to like acquire the US portion of it. Uh yes I don't I just don't know what the financing the financing deal is but they basically yes want to make sure that there is pony US so there is no China uh issue around around autonomous an autonomous driving company. Um
 um not sure if you could Neil if you I don't know if you could jump into finch uh fiscal.ai real quick. What is u Uber's balance sheet right now? Can they afford an acquisition?
 I think so. So
 I think so. I mean when you generate when you generate so much free cash flow
 free cash flow
 uh right now see sometimes you start here at 24 sometimes it's at the right. So total cash right now last 12 months
 whoop six billion for total cash and short-term investment six billion at the moment. Um,
 what's their long-term debt? What do you look at instead? Yeah. 8.3 and then about how much in free cash flow? I think they did
 like three was more more
 I mean for the year.
 Oh, for the year. Yeah. So for the year, last 12 months, 7.78 and growing 86%. So
 that's wild. That's I like that ladder.
 And that's expected to be 12.13 by fiscal 27.
 So yes, growth is slowing down, but we're still growing quite comfortably. Um, and Pony is a company worth, let's see, probably not much, 4.8. So
 no,
 I don't think it would be with revenue of not even a hundred million is it?
 It said it says right there revenue 76.5 million. But I don't know if that was for last year not counting uh trolling 12 months. Yeah. Let's see. Yeah. No, same thing.
 No. Wow.
 Same thing. But
 that's wild.
 Yeah. But I mean I guess I even even with this
 growth. Yeah. Even this it's still
 like 20 20 times fiscal 27 sales. So
 that's wild. But that's what the market likes to see, right?
 Yeah. No, no, for sure. But again, I I don't know. Probably they have they don't even have to pay the four five billion dollars because if you're only taking over the US side of things,
 Yeah.
 then you'll pay you'll pay much much less. Much much less. So yeah, we'll uh we'll see.
 We'll see what happens there. Um, what did I want to if I had a screener on probably only for No, so European stuff. Some very interesting ones. Some very interesting ones. Might not be as uh as as interesting as fast growing as some of our own [__] codes, but uh definitely worth worth looking at. For sure. for sure. Um, we have
 all right, we got about two minutes to open.
 Tesla's now down below six before um before the market opens, it seems. Again, I mean, I don't know why this this is still already still open from yesterday. Uh when we talked about iron, for example. I mean, we've seen plenty of these types of cup and then potential handle patterns for if there is a if there is a pullback. I know who is now. This thing is crazy. Um, did they
 Hey, you guys finally got cool tech before us. Yeah, but it's only cool tech because you can already do it the normal way. Like you don't have to do it the tokenization, the tokenized way. So, I don't know how how cool that is to be honest. It's again a fancy way of marketing stuff cuz yes uh I mean it's cool but on the other hand I I can't buy stocks normally with other apps. uh like for example the ability to purchase SpaceX and yeah okay that that may be not but I I went on the app and I didn't even get my free tokens for SpaceX and uh and Open AAI plus I couldn't even find it like it says it's not available right now blah blah blah um so yeah quite disappointed with that
 all right market is open. What do we have here? What do we have here? We have I don't know what's going on with Wolf. I see Wolf Speed up about 7 uh 75%.
 Yeah, it was it was up actually 100%. So, they said um let me make sure I see. So, Wolfpe surges uh after revealing a restructuring plan. It it will speed after it filed. It's chapter 11. It rises.
 Yeah.
 Wow.
 Uh restructuring plan that would uh
 I mean you you said it might be like a a crazy uh bet gamble. It's wild.
 Um so yeah, that's that's up a lot. Other than that, let me refresh one more time. Um so Apple is up because yes, why not? All the rest is flattish, right? Flattish other than that big red from Tesla, which makes sense.
 Now 7% down.
 Yeah. Um but yeah, the the the thing with Robin Hood, it's very cool that now my basically my Robin Hood crypto app, which I have 35 on it, which is the money that Robin Hood gave me when I first started uh when I first uh ding um opened the app. So, they gave me like some money. I put it into Bitcoin and and it basically doubled. Um, but now, I mean, it's cool the tokenized stuff, but I rather just buy the stock straight out from my usual app and own the stock and own the voting rights. I I'm still getting um my dividends.
 Mhm. um through through that Robin Hood uh token stuff. But again, it's nice. It's cool. You can trade 24/7, I think, or 245. Um but again, do I need it? No, I don't. Like it's it's a cool thing for sure. For sure. And it will definitely change some stuff, especially if you could be investing in some private uh private companies. But uh yeah, I mean Robin Hood I I like I like it a lot. I think it's very very easy to use. They're very very good with their uh presentations and marketing and stuff like that. Um no doubt about it. All right, Neil, I think this is it for our stream. I don't think we have um anything else to add here. Uh yeah, we can end with a little positive boost here. Um I'm new here. Well, welcome. Uh
 welcome.
 Three, four times a week, every morning.
 Uh my biggest holding is Google. I think that's a very good company. Do you expect this to pick up steam?
 I do expect this stock to pick up steam when the market wakes up and realizes that this is actually a very very good company already today. It doesn't even have to be an amazing company tomorrow. It is already a very good company today. The most profitable company actually, more profitable than Apple, more profitable than Microsoft. Um, so yes, I I think this is an amazing company. Buy back shares quite a lot actually grows very profitable. Um, so yeah, they are doing everything they need to do. That's the thing. the market just doesn't realize it yet. But that narrative will change in my opinion uh quite quite quickly. Well, hopefully. I think after after the next earnings report, I think um the market will realize that the fears are are overblown for sure.
 Yeah, I agree. All right, Neil, man, it was fun. Thanks to all the viewers like always.
 Yeah, thank you very much. Hopefully tomorrow. I mean, cuz it is uh for you it is now here 95 so it's quite hot. So maybe I don't know that's why the internet doesn't work cuz apparently heat is an issue for Wi-Fi.
 Not for the wife, but even for the wife also maybe. And for the wife. Um
 uh but yeah uh we will be back tomorrow hopefully with less less issues um and more interesting. Apply digital is back under $10. Get that alert. Get that alert.
 Yeah. Uh we will talk about it tomorrow. I think tomorrow could be an interesting episode to maybe start to look back at at some interesting names that could drop lower um that aren't that crazy overvalued. So um we'll talk about that tomorrow. Thank you all for joining and uh we see each other tomorrow