[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Hello everyone and good morning, good afternoon and welcome back to the breakfast show with myself and oh, look at this. Look who decided to join us today on time as always. Good.
 Good morning. Good morning. Try not to eat your microphone. I don't know what's going on there. There is
 Neil, can you hear me?
 Yeah, there is some static news, I think, from the cable or something.
 Maybe one quick second. I'll be right back. Uh, in the meantime, in the meantime, yes, good afternoon uh to some. Uh, no.
 Do you still have the static? Yep. Yep. Yep.
 Sabotaging me. Try now. Speak.
 Testing. Testing. 1 2 1 2 3 4 5 6.
 Much better. Yeah, much better. So good morning, good afternoon to everyone. Uh Corey, we love it. Great work having my coffee. I just had my coffee although it is afternoon here. But again, I think for coffee there is no specific time I'd say. Although in Italy they do say no cappuccino after 11. So there is that. So just don't go to Italy. Go to Italy. Just drink your cappuccino before 11. Don't tell me what to do. Um, how are you today? Um, uh, me, I'm doing pretty good. Uh, pretty excited for the market today. I feel like we got some pretty cool news over the weekend. So, I'm pretty curious to see if we hear any updates, any thoughts, market sentiment. Um, outside of that, I don't think um, and we'll probably talk about it in a bit, but outside of that, I think today's going to be or this week doesn't seem like we have anything crazy. No earnings, no investor day, no AI event. So,
 nothing. The calm before the storm, I'd say.
 Yeah,
 the calm before the storm.
 Or it's just a trick and and everything hits the fan this week. I mean, we are nearing that July 9th deadline for the uh European tariffs. Um, but yeah, so far so far it seems like that's not going to be an important day anymore. Um, so we'll see. But yeah, we are now at the end of June going into July, second half of this year is is about to start. We even have people watching from Australia. Hello there. Oh, I'm down under. Um, when does the first earnings start? I think we get ASML, TSM, and Netflix about two and a half weeks from from today or something like that, I think. So, so two and a half weeks of basically chilling a little bit and seeing how how things work out for for the market. Um, in the meantime, I can show you what's going on in Europe at the moment, European markets, then pre-markets as well. So we have here uh Europe basically I mean flat flat reddish a little bit
 um Asian markets also a bit mixed but yeah I'd say mixed
 uh pre-market United States we are still green so that's good uh very nice green here oil continues to come down and even the 10ear is down to 4.24% 24% at at the moment. So yeah, market still ripping. Uh seems like nothing can stop it at at the moment. So we cannot complain. I'd say we cannot complain. Um yeah. Um and and Neil, I mean pre-markets, is it just mainly the um that Canada news or or is there some other excitement that maybe I might be missing that I'm not familiar with right now? the Canada news mean the the digital uh tax thing.
 Yeah. Yeah. So, I saw that was a thing. It's like Friday Canada was like, "You know what? We're going to be hard ass." And then we're like, "Sych, we we were just joking. We're just joking. The weekend's over. We're back to being friends."
 Yeah, I guess I guess it's that. And plus, I guess we can we just continue we just continue our way up. Um there there is also more information here on the UK US deal. So UK auto spared under US tariff cut but still is still
 uh in in the question here. So yeah I guess I guess right now for the US markets it's uh
 because like that that UK U8 news wouldn't really affect too so much kind of like the tech industry right I mean that wouldn't too too too much. No, I don't think that would not much. Let's me just adjust this voila. Much better. Much better. Um,
 so I'm I'm just checking some pre- stock prices. We have Nvidia up about 4%, we have Amazon up about 5%, we have Microsoft. Microsoft is actually down on the pre-market. I wonder if the market's a little bit worried about the open eye kind of seeing it as bearish. um for Microsoft, which I think could be could be uh I I I I actually do think that is true. Um then you have Google up about 1.5%. Uh Neil, $181. If only someone had talked about this stock before.
 Yeah, not bad, huh? Not bad for such a such a co I'd say. Um,
 yeah. I think something you touch your mic cable again or something. Um,
 really like
 stupid
 goes on and or maybe it's touching another cable. Let me just be right back. Hold on.
 Um, some technical difficulties like someone said from the uh tech from the tech shows right here. Um, but yeah, Google back above $181. We're going to talk a little bit more about about that uh in a bit. We have a Google up. Let's see what SoFi is doing right now. So is up even more now. 17.7% at uh at the moment. Let's see what AMD is doing. $144 before the market opens. So, we are still making our way back up. Seems like Palunteer had a big red day on Friday down 9% it seems, but now it's back up to $136 uh pre-market, which means it's going to go back above that uh 20-day uh 20-day moving average. So, yeah, there is a question about my target for re-entry still around 65. I know it was at 65 um back here uh back in April, but everything was quite good back in April. So, uh could it be higher to consider? No, cuz nothing has changed in my mind that would push me to buy it at a higher price. Unless, of course, the next earnings report shows even more accelerated growth. And then, of course, um I could say, "Oh, I'd be happy to buy it at $70 or whatn not." But so far, um, it's still it's still going to be the same. And if that doesn't happen, then it doesn't happen. Um, still wear the the shirts, though, because those are quality shirts, I'd say. For for a second, I forgot. Palanteer. Is it any better, Neil? Better. It's at 136.
 I mean, the mic, the mic, the mic.
 Ah, the mic. For now, it's good.
 All right. Yeah, I I forgot Palanteer had uh had shirts. So when you said uh when you were talking about Palanteer and then you were still wearing the mer the shirts, I was a little
 confused there. Um hood is 85. I think they have a I think they have a crypto event in the south of France happening pretty
 pretty soon. I wonder what uh what they'll mention there. It's going to be uh quite interesting quite interesting for them. But this has been an insane insane run. This is this is one, you know, I just said Palanteer was at 65, but this this was a miss from my part at uh buying R Hood again at $30. Um should have should have pulled the trigger for sure. Um and and just we see some more good mornings. Good morning, James. Good morning, um Mr. Mike.
 Uh let's see. Um so good morning to everybody still joining in. Um Neil still has the golden touch right now and pumping up um any stock he mentions. Uh Neil, when you see that though as a content creator, do you get scared a little when you talk about a stock and it just kind of rallies? Scared? I don't know if it's scared. It's more of annoying because I don't because I I usually talk about the stock before I buy. Um cuz I mean when we talk and especially if we do it in a in a full article then we have to wait
 a bit before we can buy. So it's more of an annoying thing than a a scared cuz I I mean I joke around cuz I I really don't think that I play any part in the stock's movement. Although you never know, right? You never know if an algo suddenly focuses on on one specific form or whatnot. But I mean this one has has already pumped before I talked about it. Yes. premarket, it's up another five to six%.
 But it's it's gone up quite significantly before. And
 I mean, this is it's a very interesting company that um might be super expensive or might be super cheap depending on how well they execute and how how they can continue to grow. Um I know the other one was that was on our watch list was uh applied digital. I I am ve I'm very surprised that this one has has pumped and yeah has gone back down to around $10.
 Are they very similar to each other? Uh Neil, are they both kind of just building the infrastructure and having somebody else come in and and and and roll in the chips and and stuff like that? They just have everything ready for them.
 Uh yeah, but the I I can't remember if Applied Material did any Bitcoin mining. Um iron iron does collected. Yeah. Yeah, I think they did. I mean I don't know if they actually do it but that that's where they started kind of the business where they would be the renting um of these warehouses for for originally data center but if they actually did it I don't know if that's um if that's true or not for them.
 Yeah. So the other one the iron they they still do Bitcoin mining right because it is a very good business for them that's how they they basically use the cash flows from that to invest in the in the cloud business in the AI infrastructure one which they buy of course Nvidia GPUs from um so yeah that that's I I guess that's what makes them a bit different than the others is that they're they didn't ditch the crypto the Bitcoin mining business at all they just capped it at uh uh 50 uh exaashes So the hash rate stays that that's the peak for them. They said, "Look, if we cap it at 50, we don't we save I think it was $43 million or so in expenses and we can use that to just grow the uh the AI business from there and still use the Bitcoin uh mining business as a form of of cash flow, which makes sense, especially if Bitcoin continues to stay at $100,000 or so. Um they they make some some good money on on the difference. So,
 yeah, it's very interesting.
 No, my question wasn't more of of your superpowers as a content creator. Um, it's more of just like I don't know for for me it's starting to give me vibes of a little reminder of 2020 2021 where like any stock we mentioned um obviously it wasn't because of us but just any stock you could it was a market where you can just throw darts at any stock and those stocks in the short term will do really really good. Um but then you pull out in long term a lot of those have um not done well. I know you've tal we talked about it in in in the past um just this past weekend where you're still a little bit more cautious in the overall market. Is stuff like this the things that make you a little bit more cautious in the overall market seeing um obviously kind of is are a lot of these AI stocks the new metaverse stocks that we had in 2020 and kind of the COVID stocks. Um and this is coming from someone that's extremely bullish in the AI space, right? I think I I I think I've talked about it. Um I I think AI is a revolutionary technology, but sometimes seeing this I mean Black Bear AI up last week I think twice was up over 20% in two days alone.
 Who's Black Bear?
 Uh Big Bear is it Black Bear or Big Bear? Is it Black Bear the Mo show? It's Big Bear AI. But I guess we we can start a new AI company called Black Bear.
 New Yeah, but that's that's the thing, right? It's just um it seems like right now there's you can have blindfolds, pick a random stock and be the perfect um investor.
 Yep.
 And then uh it's giving me I don't know if I just have um PTSD from from 2020 and 2021. What's up, Matthew? Um no, I I agree with you 100%. I agree with you 100% because a lot of these companies whether it's Black Bear AI, Polar Bear AI, doesn't matter which kind of bear,
 Brown Bear AI.
 Yeah, exactly. We got so many AI companies names ready. I I I do wonder why they chose like Big Bear AI like what what's the what's the thinking behind it? But anyway,
 I think um they could have I think it was maybe originally Big Brother AI, but maybe Big Brother was and Big Bear is is that movie
 short.
 Uh Big Bear is that is that is isn't that that Disney movie or whatever movie?
 Brother Bear.
 Is that Brother Bears? Oh, maybe not then.
 Is it Brother? Yeah, Brother Bears. Very good. Um
 but yeah, and I imagine you called Big Brother AI. You're a definite short man. This is never going to work out. Um, but yeah, no, I I I agree with you. I agree with you. Like, if if we have so many companies, it's it's not just the Big Bite. It's a lot of the other ones, right, that are worth billions of dollars, sometimes even above $10 billion or so, and yet they barely generate any revenue or or generate what, $10 million, even a hundred million dollars. If you're worth $10 billion, it doesn't make any sense. It it just doesn't make any sense. So yeah, of course I am um being a bit more skeptical about the nature of this rally right now because it's definitely not a rally that is based on fundamentals for a lot of these companies. Not all of them, but a lot of these companies. I mean, this makes total sense. For Google to be back above 181 makes total sense and wouldn't be surprised to if if we go back to to $200. Maybe that might happen after they report earnings, but uh
 I like Henry's one. We need a big bull AI. Big bull AI. That's also not not bad. Uh yeah. Or these guys, right? Poets or whatever. Um also all of these small smaller players I guess can be easily also manipulated. I mean it it does seem like um some pump and dumps type of type of movement and yeah uh it's it seems like we can be a bit a bit similar to the 2021 markets although overall overall I I don't think that a lot of the big companies are
 are as overvalued as they were back in 2021. Plus you are you have a bit more certainty. You don't have rate hikes you will have rate cuts. So that helps. Um, yes, there is some uncertainty around inflation, but I don't think it's anywhere near what has happened in 2021. Plus, there is no pandemic, so I I guess I guess that helps um a little bit here. So,
 yeah, big names fine, smaller names I guess less less fine right now.
 I I you brought some great points there because yeah, right now you have that tailwind that it's rate cuts will come eventually. Um, and then you also have the tailwind, not the tailwind, but it's it's not it it doesn't seem like the whole market, at least I agree with you, that big techs are still pretty um not that crazily valued. Um, and it's only the only ones I'm seeing these are pretty much in random small cap companies or or those below $10 billion. Yeah. I mean, here's another one. I I've seen this name pop up, I think, as well. QuantumCape. and and look at what has happened over the last couple of days. We went from $4 and something to to $7 and a half. I don't know what has happened there. Maybe an announcement or not, but um clearly there is some volatility in all of these uh
 in all of these smaller
 smaller names for sure. QuantumCape though, I mean I' I've I've read a few about it. I've done certain reports and this one well it has the quantum name. It's definitely not in the quantum space and I I know they're focusing more on a form of solid state batteries for EV vehicles and they they really are a little bit I would say this is still in the speculative play um but it's a speculative play that is showing some results. Uh I know they have some great uh partnerships with companies like Volkswagen. I believe they have some manufacturing capability things that they are testing. So, um, while I'm not bullish on QuantumCape, I think, um, it's so funny because it has the name Quantum. Um, I don't know if it gets too much association with Quantum stocks, even though it's more of a company that's focused on on um, some form of next generation of EV batteries or just uh, batteries that can be used for other types of um, mobility products as well. And yeah, Robert, Walmart and Costco are very very crazily those those I don't know the Walmart value for a milk store. I mean I coco is expensive but I I it's expensive for a reason, right? It's a very very strong business um that continues to grow. Uh free cash flow continues to to go up then to the right. So there there is a reason why the market pays a high premium for Costco and has been paying a high premium for Costco for a long period of time. I think you're a member, right? I think you've been a member for for a while or not.
 Oh, of Costco for as far as I can remember.
 Yeah. So there there is a reason.
 My wife says if we ever move out of state uh to some other state, the state has to have a Costco nearby. There's two states in the United States that actually don't have a Costco. I would never live in any of those two states.
 Which one? Uh, I think one of them is is either Maine. I think Maine is is one, but I think Maine is just very very foresty, so it probably makes no sense for them. And I don't know the second state, but I just know there's two states without costs.
 H short Maine. Short Maine. Um, Michael here says, uh, Big By is a negative cash producing company. Okay, that's normal with a lot of these smaller ones. Uh, they just landed two military defense contract. their co was in military defense. They have a very similar setup like Palanteer. I mean I the only reason I know of Big Bear AI is because everybody's comparing it to maybe a Palanteer. Same thing with C3 AI. But the thing is there's only one Palanteer and all the rest are trying to be the next Palanteer or or whatn not. I mean, C3i was supposed to be, according to Dan Ice, the LeBron of AI, or I don't know what the heck he said C3i was going to be, but probably something like that, the LeBron of AI. And and I guess I mean, it might be true. LeBron is banging average, but uh uh starting here some uh some fights in the chat, but clearly clearly he's far from a Kobe or a or an MJ. So, always be careful when you see, oh, this is the next Nvidia, this is the next Tesla, or the next Palanteer, or the next whatever, cuz there's probably not going to be the next whatever you want to choose, and you should just choose the one that you want. Um,
 yeah. Uh, no, I joined I I joined the stream with the wrong account. Um, so I can't pick questions, but I want to take this question here from Kevin 821. Um, hey Jose would what who would be your pick for data center cooling? So, uh, Kevin, normally I don't um, focus in this space, but if I had to pick one from the top of my mind, I think I would go more with like a Verdiff. Uh, the main reason I would go with Verde is even though they do more, they do this whole AI infrastructure to me, Nvidia is a great quick alpha of information. Um, and whoever they partner up really quickly is already kind of a great indication that they have a decent supply chain, that they have decent innovation, and that they have a decent path going forward. And um, Verdive has this kind of partnership with Nvidia and I forget what other company um, where they're kind of building it's it's like the key solution to go with building these AI factories. Um, so if I had to pick one in forms of of kind of quick Nvidia B uh alpha would be um Verdiff. Uh, but at this moment I'm not purchasing any um and the stock like Neo has shown has really seen a massive increase. Um, to me a lot of these companies are just going to move like the overall AI market. So while it seems like hey look I'm getting a different kind of exposure to a whole different industry. um I think they will move pretty much like an Nvidia or an AMD or some other ones in the AI stock. So you it's in my opinion fake diversification. Um it's not it's not real diversification at the end of the day. If you have a deepseek drama moment or a data center slowdown drama moment. Um this is going to hit the fan like an Nvidia, like AMD, like a super micro and the list goes on and on. Yeah, this one has been I mean at first it has been hit quite hard and then the rebound was quite fast as well just like many other companies out there. But I really like the fact that Vertive give us gave us such specific guidance um in the midst of all of this uh tariff drama, right? That they gave us like multiple scenarios that were very very well prepared. Um so yeah, I mean I don't
 and I I thought that was pretty insane, right? Yeah. uh for those that are not familiar Verdiff when they I think their latest earnings was during this whole um tariff drama and they give you a scenario of like what happens if 70% of the countries accept the trade deal what happens if 0% of the countries they gave you so many um that uh it to me not only because it it showed that they had great insight in their own supply chain and I think that's very very crucial in in this space um where the supply chain timing is a massive mass of moat um in the AI market. So management giving that I I wasn't appreciative for the actual numbers. It just showcases the knowledge that management has and all this data they had with their supply team. Correct. Correct. Uh I will pull up something for you and um you can talk about this. I will just want to post something for fiscal. So, in the meantime, you can just talk about this a bit, and I'll be back in a second with my mic unmuted. Okay. Bye, Neil. Get out of here. All right. So, uh, this was the news that kind of hit the fan on Friday night, which is crazy because news like this should probably come during the week and not after the market closes. There were reports that OpenAI taps Google in cloud deal despite this rivalry of um OpenAI and Google. And this is something um for those that are not familiar that Neil and I have talked about in the past. We've kind of I I think in previous streams I've actually discussed this actual reports, but it seems Friday it was the final confirmation um that it is actually happening. So, more importantly with the deal, it did come out that OpenAI is also going to be using Envi um Google's TPUs. Uh so, the market in my opinion saw this in a lot of different ways. And maybe Neil, let me uh pull up a quick slide um presentation that I had uh so I can kind of share some of the thoughts of what the market was thinking. Um so, give me one quick second. I should have had this up before. Um, so with this AI news, let me just All right. So that should be good. Share screen. So with this AI news of open AI using Google, I think a lot of thoughts were coming. First, good news for Google, right? And um I I I did a few videos about this because I think there was great ways to to discuss this topic. But I think this is pretty obvious. It is extremely good news for Google because now Google is the third player in the cloud server space. Um and winning a contract with OpenAI just solidifies their strength in the cloud server market. And this in my opinion is going to get maybe more AI companies to go maybe I should start looking at Google Cloud Platform. So I thought that was actually pretty pretty good news for Google. I think the market is also saying that this is probably very bad for Nvidia. Um the main reason is because OpenAI is ending up using um Google's TPUs. It means that they're trying to escape uh the Nvidia ecosystem. Then there were also some thoughts if this was good or bad news for AMD. Um I I don't think the market really has a true answer and I think that's right because I don't think there really is a true answer for this right now. Um but I wanted to kind of showcase both points. Um and the reason I think um I I kind of wanted to talk about what we know about this AI space and what we know about this AI market is we need more GPUs. Open AAI has talked about it multiple times in the past. Sam Oman has says whenever we release a new product they either have to restrict how much of that new product comes out they have to limit it because their GPUs are overloading. They have not enough GPUs. So this is still a market that's extremely extremely supply constraint. I mean you have compute needs increase from a lot of things. First companies like OpenAI they're getting more members on a weekly monthly basis as more people are becoming more familiarized with AI. When you have more members now, you're going to need more compute to handle their requests. I also believe the average members are using AI a little bit more than they were six months ago. As you become familiar with the with the tool, you start to use it more and maybe you're you started using it at home, now you're using it at your work or vice versa. You started using it at work, now you're using it at home. Uh so the average me member is using AI a little bit longer and in theory token and more compute is needed. Uh the final thing is thinking models use more tokens than prior models. So as we get better bigger and better models, they actually need more compute than before. So I think this led to my crucial following thoughts that OpenAI is not leaving Nvidia. Um but that the model market is just too constrained in AI chips and AI GPUs. Um that this is just a need for a healthy second option. So it is very good for companies like AMD and it is very good for ASIC players. Now, what we didn't know about this slide uh this this deal and this is what I'm going to end the slide and kind of maybe we can share some thoughts in the comments or some questions um in the comments if you guys have any. What we don't know about this OpenAI and Google deal is what workloads are being transferred. Um, it's so easy on a top level overview and I think this is why you need to stay tuned to these streams and to these videos from both Neil and I is that it's it's very easy to kind of look at look the AI market is getting easy. But it's important to know that OpenAI has various types of models. They have large language models, they have imaging models, they have audio models, they have video models and within each models they have different versions. They have some that are more complex that do some form of thinking and they do thinking in a few seconds in a few minutes some even in a few hours. Um they have oneshot models they have models of different sizes that only need to read certain amount of parameters. Um, and this is crucial and leads to my following thoughts that since we saw OpenAI is not using the most advanced TPUs. Then this is OpenAI transferring less intensive workloads to TPUs. So it can use constraint more advanced AI GPUs being from Nvidia or AMD for the more complex task. So, I think uh when news like this hit the fan, you know, it's important to not take the titles um to to true because I do believe a lot of the people that are writing these articles are just trying to find easy ways uh to get clicks. Uh and they don't kind of go in detail with a lot of the information that is needed. Uh so, I do believe sometimes that creates opportunities for investors as well. Um but overall it does seem like it is very good news for for Google at least for sure and pretty exciting as I think both of us have been some decent buyers of Google uh in in the past.
 Yeah. So this was basically the article, right? Exclusive OpenAI taps Google in unprecedented cloud deal despite AI rivalry sources say. Um the funny thing is the funny thing is that when we talked about this the stock didn't move the stock only moved Friday afternoon which was which was quite quite interesting. Um but yeah, like you said, it's it's a very interesting deal. Of course, uh for Google, them not giving OpenAI their most advanced TPUs is also a strategic thing, right? Because they know, okay, OpenAI, which GPT, it's definitely a competitor for for the search uh empire, let's say. But on the other hand, you you know what, we have some TPUs laying around from the older generation. Why not? Why not make some money uh on the side on the site for uh for Google Cloud? It makes it makes total sense for OpenAI. This is also a way for them to be burning less cash, which again proves that Google Cloud's uh cost structure is bestin-class and should probably should probably attract uh way more customers in the future. So again remember Google cloud Google said we were capacity constrainted which means if we had more capacity we would have grown faster than the 28.1% that they uh grew last quarter. So I I I still think I mean we are not surprised that Google is going up. Definitely not. We are still surprised that Google is not at $200 or plus. Um because everything indicates that well Google is doing exactly what it should be doing. Um, I I'll pull up some some other slides right here. For example, if we look here at AI computing capacity for leading tech companies, we can see that Google is is the only one that relies way more on their own chips, right? Their TPUs than on than on Nvidia ones. Um, if we look at the inference for Google, look at the huge huge increase, right? Total tokens, this is trillions. So went from 71 trillion in Q2 2024 to 634 trillion. That's an insane amount of of increase in just a small small period of time. I mean it would not surprise me if we are going to see uh Google cloud reacelerate and have higher margins already um this year. I mean margins are already improving. Last quarter that was 17.8%. over the last 12 months that was 16.1. So it's definitely definitely improving. This is again this is going to be a wonderful wonderful business to own and uh yeah this deal with open AI is I think just them opening the door to start growing even more and more and then next year right next year we can maybe start to include whis inside of that business and whis will bring in quite a lot of of business to them as well. So yeah, don't sleep don't sleep on uh on
 Yeah. And and and you I think you mentioned it good too that the um right it Google's not giving their competitive product out. They're not giving their TPUs uh their newest generation TPUs to OpenAI. Um and I think that is for a competitive reason as well. I mean, they they want to keep the best to themselves, but I think that's why OpenAI is most likely only okay using the weaker versions because they don't want to send their best models and best workloads to TPUs either. They'll rather send the weaker down versions that are maybe hogging up um GPUs from Nvidia's uh where they don't need to be. Uh there was a pretty cool comment that I got on one of the videos and I think I explained it really well is you don't want to use a rocket launcher to kill a fly. You can just use a fly swatter. So there are I guess uh there are certain workloads uh so you don't want to overkill something right there's no point in using too much energy and efficiency on on on on uh on something that you can do with a very simple tool. Um, and I think that's what's happening right now that unfortunately one of the main reasons OpenAI is very constrained is they have a lot of these small workloads that are just hogging up too much expensive chips and they rather have them do more advanced complex solutions instead. So why not get rid of those super weak workloads by something super cheap that Google is willing to give out because they also don't want to give the best product out there. So, I think this is a place where enemies can create great partnerships, where it's like never the best. Um, hope isn't for Yeah, RPGs versus fly is fun. Um, as long as it's not inside your house, but I I I think that would that would definitely be uh interesting. Um, I also like this comment from um Clutch and Stick. Uh, if you can pull it up at 8:35, everyone is used to binary world. And I think that's the I think that's the great thing about tech. It's AI can it's no longer a binary. It's not a yes or no. And I don't think it's just AI in general. I think a lot of companies in this tech space now is no longer just yes and no. It's I do believe the world is very binary where if it's good for one company, it automatically means it's bad for another company. I don't think that's how the at least the stocks that I invest in work like that. So Fletch and Stick amazing. Neil should say, hey, that should be in the shirt, but that's too long. So, I don't know exactly. Too long. Not good for a short. Where'd you go, Neil?
 Honestly, I have no clue.
 No. No.
 I I I hear you, but I don't see you. Is this my conscience? No, no idea where where I disagree.
 My conscience has a European accent, not a Spanish one. Um whe fab do you think co change helped will help the stock the Google stock like bring back the founders now the thing here I'll share my my thoughts first and then you you can go the thing here that the founders like they're they are back Sergey bring is back at Google he's been working um on the AI stuff already for I think the last year year and a half or so um not in a CEO position but he's back at Google working Sundar. I put him at the bottom of the CEO list I think a year a year year and a half or so ago. Was he at the bottom or was Tim Cook at the bottom? Can't remember. But anyways, it was quite close. But today I I can today I will probably promote him anyways because 2025 they've been doing very well companywise. Again, the CEO cannot control the stock. Um, I mean, he can pump it up if he wants, but the most important part here is for him to make sure that the business becomes better and better. And I think they've been doing that very, very well in 2025. I I still think a lot of people underestimate how powerful of a company Google is, especially when it comes to when it comes to AI. I've been seeing a lot more posts about uh Gemini. For example, if you look at this thing right here, Gemini CLI was basically well, the new one was released not so long ago. And look at this. Look at this huge huge increase compared to an OpenAI codeex or an entropic uh cloud code. In just two days, it received more GitHub stars. So, um developers love Gemini, especially the 2.5 uh one pro. I think the API is free right now if I remember correctly. Don't underestimate the power of of a company like Google just because the stock does not react accordingly just yet. Um it would it wouldn't be too crazy to say that a year from now or something like that Google can be I think one of the largest company like top two top three maybe uh companies in the world. They are the most profitable one. So it wouldn't be too crazy for for them to suddenly be worth $3 trillion or more um a year from now or a year and a half from now for sure. Um I completely agree. I think about a year ago uh I would have put Sundar pretty low in the CEO list. Maybe not a year ago, maybe a little bit longer than that whenever the whole bar drama was happening. Um because it does it did seem like the AI market was evolving too quickly and Google well it had every every key ingredient. It didn't seem like it was moving fast enough. It started to feel like maybe an Apple where um they'll rather kind of hold on to their current market and not think about innovating. I think throughout the time either because Sundar did do a lot more interviews or just started to discuss a little bit more and we started to see more just innovation happening my thoughts started to completely change and I I I recently saw some like big big Fin Twitter said that they would really love if Sundar stepped down and I was like I cringe so much because I'm like I think Sundar is actually doing a really great job in in as the CEO right now. do feel the fire under um Google and it has gone from a laughing stock in the AI market like you just shown uh Neil to the best one of the best products out there in the AI space in less than a year. Um so so I I I think he's done really well in terms of the founder question. I think it's better. He's talked about in in various interviews that they're already working in the labs and they're working with the teams like they go in they they're very excited about this AI push and I would rather prefer that from the founders that they go into the labs talk with the team get just it's like wow I'm actually working with the founder of Google to build this uh this new solution. Um, and I would rather them do that than be CEOs because with the CEO you have a lot of other things that you have to worry about. You can't just worry about innovation. Now, if the founders are just coming in in some form of innovative task um that's all they have to focus in. They don't have to worry about any um politics uh bureaucracy or anything like that. It's just pure tech and on pretty much pure startup mode with amazing funding and amazing ranking on on whatever you want to do. So, um I I I would put the CEO now no longer anywhere near Tim Cook um in forms of ranking. Uh and I I would actually be pretty upset if we see a CEO change from Google. The only thing is sometimes the market the majority of the markets sometimes analysts um do have a lot to say. So I am worried that maybe sometimes you get a lot of pressure uh from the uh to the board to do changes like this and a change like that would actually rub me the wrong way. You know, I am I am looking at my uh at my post I made back in 2023 and I'm actually ashamed
 of my rankings.
 I am out of here.
 I am ashamed of my ranking. Like what was I thinking? But then again, it was at the end of 2023. So, but I I will pull it up because I want to change this ASAP. Look at this monstrosity. Yeah. Yeah. Wow. Wow. Six and seven.
 I I'm gonna add you right now. Six and seven. You want to do a quick a quick list right now? You do a list.
 The top two make sense. You know what, Neil? I actually number Microsoft I think is no cuz remember when Satcha came in.
 Oh am I thinking right now on the list on your mindset in 2023 or thinking of your mindset right now?
 No. First up just to understand why why I made this list back in 233.
 In 2023 I can kind of see at least the first three. Yeah. I I can't exceed number four. Um you uh under the influence for sure when you wrote this if you have number four cuz cuz back then back then they were they were still growing growing a bit and still printing money and it was it was still fine but Satcha is number one here because he came in and Microsoft was basically forgotten when he came right they completely missed on mobile and he came in and suddenly they became that I mean the what the biggest company right
 I I I think all right so you're thinking about the whole landscape of thing to as well giving them their history as well their their not just on how things are happening right now. Okay. During 2023 Yeah. Yeah. I gave them the the whole thing today.
 Yeah.
 Today I would first of all I would put I would probably put him at as number one or number two.
 Um
 I I think yeah
 I think I think Mark can can definitely get promoted to number one. Number two Jensen will probably be number one right now.
 Yeah 100%.
 Jensen would probably be number one. Suck number two just because the guy is 41 years old.
 I I like Suck at number two too. Okay, I won't disagree there.
 Um Satcha number three still. Um still then yeah I think you cannot not put Elon Musk in the top five. So I guess Elon is still four. Um Jasse has been doing very well. I think he started off quite rough
 but he has been doing very well. Um, and then Sundar and then Cook at at the last place, but I I do want to give Sundar a bit more respect. So, he could be going like he could be joined with with Andy Jasse or something.
 Yeah,
 I like
 I if I was to give my list now and it has nothing to do with historical stuff. It's just how the market not the market is moving but how I think they're moving right now. Neil, I would put Jensen number one. Um, I think Jensen um is just a beast. Mark Zuckerberg. Number two, I think his hatred for Apple creates this amazing fire that
 makes us love him even more. Yes. Yes. It makes this fire that makes him not want to fail. And I think that enough is enough to drive um some crazy crazy um innovations. Making sure nothing ever he's so mad at app. I just So number two would be Mark. Uh number three I think I would go with uh Sundar. I think he has completely changed his aggressiveness in the AI space and I think that's what I'm voting on. I think I'm voting on the aggressiveness. That's what I like right now. The aggressiveness of how they can really go in this uh AI innovation. Number three would be uh Sundar. Number four, I think I would put um Andy. Uh I think he's just mid. He's just mid, so he needs a number four. Um you don't really hear much bad or good about him. So number four I think is there. Um number five I think I would put it would be between five and six I couldn't pick. I don't know. Uh it could switch. It would be between Elon and and Microsoft. I think the reason Microsoft would be so low is because I think Microsoft has slowed down. They're not aggressive anymore. That's why open AI is going to other players like Google, like uh Oracle, like Stargate because Microsoft didn't got scared and I don't like being scared in this AI market. So, um Elon, I mean, I just don't know as a CEO right now. Maybe if you were to put me as a as a CTO ranking instead, that would be different. As a CEO, I don't know if if what he's doing is really revolutionary as a CEO. Um maybe as a CT if he was a CTO or something else the listing would be a little bit different but si five and six would be between uh sat um Satcha and and and Elon and then number seven uh Tim no questions asked. Yeah. So so you are your list is more based on
 aggressiveness of AI.
 Yes the current state not what they've been doing.
 Yeah. Not not what they're doing. I agree and and I know you mentioned this list is talking looking at their their resume and everything else. I think it's it's more like where we're sitting at least within the past seven months um in the AI space. No, no, it makes it makes sense. It makes sense. Uh yeah, with with Elon you you cannot really put a number because one day he can be one, the other day he can be seven. So it's it's it's like that with with him. Um cuz like maybe a year, two years from now when you have like robot taxi fleets and humanoid robots walking around then yeah you can probably put him at at number one but today today the rest here definitely deserve I mean what the heck did I think
 and I I think the thing with Elon though is like I think I don't know why I feel like Tesla is I don't know how to say this is a company that can run really well with I don't know it's just a very I don't know
 autonomous company. It's it is it is it's very autonomy. Um yeah know that I mean that's that's what people say right that even if Elon leaves right now it could still work out. Although I would still say that there are some things where they probably still need him but maybe they don't need him as CEO anymore. It can be like the chief engineer just like with SpaceX uh for example. Um, or
 Robert, I think Sucker can one v one all of them. I'm pretty sure he can. Um, Russell just joined. Replace Sue with Elon. If you replace Sue with Elon, I it would definitely be a whole a whole reorganization. Um, Mark said, "Jose kind of had the same order as me." Uh, and again, yeah, never discount suck. I don't I I think the hatred of a man leads a long way. it it can take you to do super goals.
 Zuck if I mean it wouldn't even be crazy to say that he is the goat when when you talk about pure CEO. Um the fact that he is only 41 years old and you look at where Meta is right now is is insane. Is insane cuz like imagine what he can do in the next 20 years. Like in the in 20 years he'll be he'll be 61 uh years old, right? He'd be 61 years old. That's that's what Jensen is right now. Say Jensen is 62. So imagine imagine what what can happen. It's crazy. It's crazy. Um one quick thing here. Oracle is up 6% right now pre-market. Uh based on this, uh Oracle is off to a strong start in fiscal 26. Our multiloud database revenue continues to grow at over 100% and we signed multiple large cloud service agreements including one that is expected to contribute more than $30 billion in annual revenue starting fiscal 28. Um not bad um not bad at all I'd say. I mean I guess I understand why it's up even more right now.
 Yeah. Yeah, definitely. I mean, I'm I don't the I own Oracle, Neo, and this is one of those that I still haven't made a decision, but it's one um I'm thinking of trimming a little bit. Um just cuz there is a little bit too uh I mean, look at that 250. Yeah,
 it's also not an individual thing. It's just my overall exposure into the AI space has grown dramatically. So, I have to find which ones I I rather trim. So, it's not more. It's like out of my whole list of AI companies, um, Oracle is the one that I'm like, you know what, I'm okay trimming this one a little bit more. But, um, so it's not uh, it's important to remember when I look at my stock and trimming, it's more of an overall a portfolio thing. What are your thoughts on this? I was going to I was going to tell I was going to tell you to pull this one up. Um I I yes it has failed in the sense that it's it did not become like we didn't we don't we're now not in a avatar state right we're not in a virtual in a virtual state but I I do still think that everything they did right investing in all of these GPUs and AI infrastructure was the smart thing to do uh you might even say this was maybe a poker move by them
 saying oh we're only going to focus on VR wink wink and then suddenly Bam. Huge data center buildouts, all of the Nvidia GPUs and we are we're back at the top of it. Um, plus they're still working on AR and VR cuz that's still going to be a big thing for them. So, I wouldn't say failed. I'd say expectationwise it wasn't that realistic, but I still think it was the right move to do whatever they did back then.
 Yeah, I I agree. I mean it and I think even when he was extremeing the the metaverse he still said that a lot of this AI uh these investments um I don't know if he used the word AI at that space but a lot of these investments were going to be built for data centers to help their core products. Um so it seems like while he wasn't completely right at the timeline of metaverse I don't think we can cross out metaverse just yet. I think there's still that possibility of it still being really big. It's just certain technology um was able to come up a little bit faster. And what I think is amazing as a CEO is not your failure, but how you're able to react to that failure and make a shift. And it seems like they were able to say, you know what, we don't we don't need to keep doubling down on something just because my pride is on the line. I see this other opportunity even better, and I'm going to transform to it uh a lot more. Um, so, so I think a failure isn't as bad. It's more of how you handle it after. And we see that most of those data centers that they build out are being used dramatically for their core products of things like recommendation system, the real solutions and all the other things that they heavily monetize. Yes, I do want to quickly touch on SoFi because yes, I did put it in the title and on the thumbnail. So, You have to 3%. Neil, did you do a video on this one, too?
 Uh, no, I didn't do a video. I just covered it in yesterday's uh portfolio update episode. Uh, basically touched on these two these two announcements that came out uh last week. So, uh, crypto is coming back to to SoFi. So, SoFi previously and by the way, do check out our partner fiscal.ai AI for 15% off. Almost forgot about this. Almost forgot about it. Um, so crypto is coming back to SoFi. You can now uh put yourself on the watch list. On the watch list, on the waiting list um if you of course use SoFi. Hopefully most of you that watch this channel and this live stream uh do. SoFi members will soon be able to buy, sell, and hold a selection of cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin, Ethereum, and Solana. Over time, Sofi intends to offer stable coins here. Again, focus on stable coins and a wide range of services such as providing members the ability to borrow against their assets. Now, when this will be announced, it will be very very interesting how they structure it because of course this is a risky asset. So, if you can borrow again a risky asset such as crypto, I would love to hear more about the details behind it and the structure. So they are going to expand also payment options and introduce new staking features. Of course, crypto is not new to SoFi. They had a crypto business before they became a bank or they got their bank uh charter. They basically had to well throw away the crypto business. Now that the crypto business is coming back, of course, we've seen how much money Robin Hood is making and how much money uh Coinbase are making because of the crypto business. I do not want our expectations to be skyhigh because Robin Hood and Coinbase are basically more of a brokerage type of player, I'd say, right? You go on Robin Hood to buy and sell crypto or options or equities or whatnot. Of course, they do other things as well, but yeah, crypto can add a couple of millions of dollars uh for for uh SoFi for sure. Plus, the attach rate can can be better, right? Because if they can offer everything you need in one app, then you have less of an incentive to go somewhere else. So crypto coming back, that's great. I know a lot of you have been asking for crypto, have been asking for uh level one options level one. So all that should be coming back. Um I think I think options should be also on track for for this year, although we don't we didn't hear a huge announcement just yet. Then announcement number two, and that's this one right here. basically I won't say attacking but going into the wise uh territory. So send money to over 30 countries seamlessly later this year. And here as well you can put yourself on the uh waiting list later this year. We'll offer SoFi checking and savings members international money transfers in the SoFi app at faster speeds and lower cost than traditional services putting more money in people's pockets. SoFi offers members many unique ways to pay including via email, phone number, domestic wire transfer, a debit transaction, zel, and soon worldwide payments. So here again, SoFi expanding all of the products and options that you can um that you that you can basically get inside inside the app. Wouldn't be surprised if stable coins play a play a role here in in that product as well. So other than those two announcements, maybe the fact that right now uh two cuts for this year, the probability for two cuts for this year have also risen compared to last week. Stock for so far, I mean the sofa stock has gone up. We're now back above $17 pre-market. We'll see what happens throughout the day and throughout the week. But this is definitely very very welcome news um for Sofi, for Sofa shareholders, for Sofi users because this again is another way for them to generate more money um more revenue, more profits in the future, attract even more members and especially make sure that the existing members are staying inside the uh the SoFi the Sofi ecosystem. So good news, I'd say uh for us SoFi holders, still very bullish, have no intentions of of selling a share of uh of SoFi until we reach the moon. So yeah, very very good news um for for us holders and for the users for sure.
 One thing um if I may, Neil, you may
 when I see something like Thank you. When I see something like this where crypto is coming back um to SoFi, I don't know why just the wording itself rubs me the wrong way. It's like, hey, look, we failed at something, but now that it's hyped again, we're bringing it back. That's how I would read it. I'm just saying that's how I would read it is. So, so I I I wish they would have done the the wording a little bit differently. Um
 but now come go ahead and school me. I I I know you're waiting. Go ahead.
 Explain it to me.
 It didn't fail. They just weren't allowed to have it anymore.
 Yeah.
 Uh because of the bank charter. So
 cryp I mean the SoFi members probably knew know that SoFi had crypto although they have grown their member base quite significantly since the last time they had that business. So saying crypto is back at SoFi also gives you that sense of it's coming back at SoFi. I didn't know even I didn't even know Sofi had crypto. you get maybe a little bit more more interested in all of that. Um, but yeah, they had a crypto business. They had to to close it out because of that uh bank charter, which I still think was a brilliant idea to get the banking charter. Um, but yeah.
 Yeah, I guess. Yeah, I agree. I guess if they were still like crypto now on SoFi, I'll be like, uh, it's now on SoFi because it's popular again. But I guess coming back to SoFi, yeah, I get okay. I think I'm just uh a pessimistic in any way here. So um there's no way they could have made it any different. So carry on.
 Um we we we have some other news from another um well I can talk about the local can talk about rocket lab but first of all this Nebus news. Uh we know that Nebus is going into the UK but we now know who's going to work with them and the amount of Blackwell ultra GPUs. So the cluster will compromise an additional an initial deployment of 4,000 Blackwell Ultra GPUs hosted in a purpose-built liquid ready data hole.
 Is this a new data or is this the one they talked about a few?
 This is the
 Okay. The old one, the 4,000 cuz I remember that 4,000 number.
 Yeah. But now now we know that it's with ARC data center at this location for uh
 for the UK. Like we knew they were going to the UK, but now we know exactly where um where where it will be. Set to go live this year uh with a total of 54 megawatts across uh two two data center. The deployment is expected to be operational by Q4 uh 2025. So pretty pretty good. Um, another fintech player announced that well, if you're a Venmo user and you're still in college or something, you can get those cool looking uh, debit cards here to represent your uh, your team. So, Big 10 and Big 12 enter historic partnership with PayPal to enable institutional payments for student athletes in new revenue sharing model. So, apparently before in the US, if you were a student athlete, you couldn't be making any money. Um, so only the team or the institution was making money off of you, but I guess now that is changing and so and so now pay uh all of the payments and all of that are going to go through uh through PayPal through Venmo as well. Here are some of the perks. So up to 15% cash back. I don't think it's everywhere, but uh for some of your your favorite brands, free to sign up Venmo everything. Um, it's a pretty big deal for PayPal and Alex Cris said that they're going to try and expand it to all of the other conferences as well. It's not just just going to stay here with the Big 12, Big 10. They're going to try and catch them all basically. And again, this is great. Um, this basically means that more money will flow into the PayPal ecosystem hopefully through Venmo as well. And now they can monetize Venmo much better than before. So yeah, PayPal still still one of those in my eyes the one of those very very undervalued plays um out there at the moment for sure. Nice. Nice. And we are getting some more reports. I know we talked about it earlier uh today Neil where the CEO of Oracle gave some good news um about their overall market and the stock is liking it. Stock is still up about 7%. Premarket. Nice. Yeah, Oracle here. Yeah, 6.77% or so. Uh, it has been, this is on fiscal.ai, my friends. 15% off down in the description and in the pin comment. Um, the stock has been doing very well year to date. We're now up 35% probably a little bit more. Um, stock was down at 1.26% 26% back in April, but since then um it has been doing extremely extremely well. It's not the cheapest one anymore, but it's still one that is expected to grow quite comfortably for the next coming years. Of course, with the announcement that was just made, I guess I guess yeah, growth is going to continue to accelerate. RPO is is insane for that company. Uh we can actually see it see it right here. RPO for the company is 137 137.8 billion. I mean,
 yeah,
 that's just nuts. And and the growth here is is incredible.
 Incredible for this company. Um
 Yeah. And they mentioned during the earnings that RPO can grow another 100% this year.
 Yeah. So, yeah. I mean,
 and it's not and it's important to when you hear stuff like that is it doesn't mean they're obviously going to use a lot of this RPO this quarter or or this year. So, it means they're actually building dramatically. They're building not only the RPO that they're losing because they're going to be performing some of those obligations already this upcoming year. Um, but they're getting even more and more demand that it can still double. I think that's wild.
 Yeah. No, for sure. Um, for those that are catching up right now, Sundar at 7, uh, the list was for 2023, not 2025. Sundar right now is much much higher, um, than that. Just just to make sure I correct I correct the the misinformation here. Yeah,
 get community noted. There were also a lot of um a lot of questions, Neil, that I've been seeing um kind of following with this most recent one from Learn Russian um with Yark. Uh don't you think market is overvalued for the most part? Um and and I think we've we've there were there are a few other questions very similar to this that like
 where where is the question the
 um it came in at 9:06. So um it's one of the last questions that just came in. Um
 Ah yeah yeah yeah
 yeah. And I we've had pretty similar questions this um this episode you know where it's like what are we hedging? Are we building cash positions? overall. Um, so first let me share my thoughts, Neil, and let me and I would love to hear how you're kind of handling it. So I mean, do I think the market is overvalued? I don't overvalued I don't know. Is the risk-to-reward ratio on my favor for a lot of the stocks? I think the answer is no. So right now, I'm not really focusing in high growth stocks. I tend to um I I I think Neil and I were actually both pretty aggressive during the down dip, and that's when we both got into a lot of growth plays. Uh, so at the moment I'm no way of wanting to chase any growth players. I did my purchasing um during the dip. Now it's more looking at maybe some mature companies that I wouldn't mind buying into that probably have lower beta, lower volatility than some other growth plays. So I'm buying right now into things like Google. Um, I wouldn't be opposed to buying things like a semiconductor ETF or something that I still want to get into the market but not in a high growth name. So Google semiconductor ETF or some other type of ETF or index would be my approach. Um the other thing I'm doing is I am very exposed to the AI market. So I don't mind trimming trimming is the key word a little bit of stocks here and there to just lock in some gains and and just maybe build up like a a 5% cash position. Nothing too too crazy. Uh so I'm not selling everything. I'm just maybe getting a little bit more cautious on any high growth names at the space and I don't mind maybe being a little bit more stingy on what I'm buying um and when I'm buying. So, those are my thoughts. Neil, I'm going pass it over to you. Um I agree. I agree with you. Um I I I'm trim just yet. Uh, but I wouldn't mind like trimming 1% here, 2% there just to get that extra cash if I'm not injecting new cash into the portfolio. Um, but I'm not trimming anything just yet because a lot of those names I don't think I should be trimming right now. Like Google for example, we add, right? We don't trim.
 And just a quick correction here, Neil, I I agree. I think a lot of most of my names aren't trimable. There's only actually one name I have been trimming. Um and it became Coreweave. Exactly. Yeah. So, every other stock that I bought, it's not like I was only looking for a 20 30% return. Um those I'm still keeping. Not not really selling. Um but Coree was nearly a 3 4x bagger for me. So, for those that one is is easily trimable for me. Um but agree. I just wanted to to to let that make that small correction. So, sorry. pass it backing you to you. You didn't even have to make the correction because I was going to explain that part. Anyways, um I was going to say if I had stocks that did go 3x 4x or so, I would probably also be inclined um to start to start trimming a little bit um of those of those positions. But yeah, right right now I am of course adding to Alphabet. I've added to uh the local as well because I I still like it. I wouldn't mind adding to PayPal although PayPal has already been quite a large position for me right now. Um, of course I did add a new company which is non techreated and that's purely one to get exposure to non- tech company uh and two purely because well the stock is down 51% over the past 2 and a half months or so. So, I'm purely buying this as one a defensive play and two a a recovery a recovery one as well. They didn't put much. I mean, I currently only hold uh 10 shares. So, 3,000 bucks cuz I bought it at 3,000. Um which yeah, I know it's a lot of money, but it's not a lot compared to the to the positions that I have um in the portfolio. And I and I could very well add add a bit more and see where it goes cuz the recovery here can happen pretty fast if the commentary at the end of July um is good one right cuz uh July 29th I believe is is their next earnings call. They'll provide more guidance and if that guidance is good for the market then uh then then wouldn't surprise me if we're going to make our way back up to $400 $500 or so very very fast. not in a week or so, but um we could see a very solid recovery and I'll take my 40 50% and uh and move on, right? Get put it back probably in the the cash pile or something. So that that's what I'm doing right now. Of course, if I can increase my cash position, I will, but I already did that at the start of June, so now I have to wait a little bit more. Um, but yeah, there aren't that many positions where I say, you know what, it's so overvalued right now that I have to trim so much. Um, you you could I mean, I'm sure I'm sure you could make the case like, oh, look at Nebuse, right? Nebus has has more than doubled um since since April. And so it must be it must be overvalued. But I don't know if it is $12 billion in market cap for a company where ARR is probably going to be closer to a billion um for this year. It seems like they're growing extremely quickly across the board in Europe, in the US, in the Middle East. And so I don't I don't see this as overvalued. I might see this as expensive or maybe right now maybe overbought. That's the thing. A lot of stocks are overbought at at the moment. Um that's just just just a a technical a technical thing. U because there are also a couple of stocks um by the way for those that don't know why there is such a big difference because this was previously Yandex and now we are a new company. So that's why you're seeing here a huge difference in uh in revenue. So you can you can just remove that part by putting the slider basically uh put it 2024 and then you see the projections currently there aren't that many analysts anyways covering uh Nebus at the moment but you can clearly see that this is a company that is still expected to grow very very fast um for the next couple of years. So yeah that's basically that's basically that. I do want to touch on two things. one. Uh, is your name Neil or Bruno? I'm too confused. It's Neil. Bruno is Bruno Fernandez, the Portuguese player that plays for Manchester United. It has become a running joke that you can call me Bruno because apparently I look like him, although I do think I look much better than him. Um, but I am trying to get him on the channel. So, this is a work work in progress. Um, another thing here I wanted to touch on.
 I can see it. I just Googled it. I can see it.
 You can see it. Okay. Bonjour. Hola. Jose. Uh, good. Bonjour Frederick. He's from Canada. Um, with Sofa, do you suspect Sofa will go back to $16 at any point? You know, if I knew the answer to that question, I would probably be be chilling right now in Cancun or something. Um, but I don't know. It can, right? It's not that far. It's at 17. So, what is 16? A dollar difference. Um, can it's a 10% difference. Yeah. But I don't know. It can. But if the business continues to do well, I couldn't care less if it goes back to to 16 or not. Um, so that's that. Russell here. I saw the portfolio portfolio update yesterday. Your pronunciation of sorry perfectly. Thank you very much. I'm very posh like that. Um but yeah, every time I have to read probably you as well when we read like press releases and suddenly we have to pronounce names or places it's always like a flip of the coin whether we can pronounce it correctly or not. Sometimes we were successful. Uh, sometimes sometimes not like Gatuso, I don't know if you follow football or soccer in the US. Um, Gatuso Italian Italian Italian player. Sometimes maybe good, sometimes maybe That's what he said during a press conference. Pretty pretty funny one. Um, thank you. Thank you very much. Way better looking. I agree. I agree. Alex is coming in here with the clutch alpha that we need. Al um there's no Costco in Rhode Island either. H it's all of those uh what is it? Top right location in the US. No.
 Yeah, it's too much forest. I think it makes Actually, there's three three and I got it wrong. So, it wasn't me. It was Rhode Island, West Virginia, and Wyoming are the three states that do not have a Costco warehouse location. That is sad. H Well, I I guess isn't Maine and all of these places like places where you buy your second or third house or something? You don't really live there. Or maybe you do. I don't know. Maybe you retire. Uh I don't know. I'll tell you when I have my second house.
 Doesn't Bernie Sanders have like two houses there or something? I guess it depends if you want to be up in the cold or go down to Florida and enjoy the nice beach.
 Yeah, maybe. Jose, here's a challenge for you.
 How do you pronounce Wow, that's a def I don't know. Worcester. Yeah, I think it's woresterershshire. Wor
 Oh, I wasn't that far off.
 Yeah, wor if it's right.
 No, it's No, it's Worershshire. Worershire. Where is it? That was even close. Like it's like Lord of the Rings. the Shire. H okay. Next to Birmingham. Okay. And why are we talking about this exactly?
 It's how we go here. This is the the show of everything.
 This is has turned into a geogesser show. Uh
 I like that question from uh Storm AM2 AMD book profits or hold please. Uh, why would I what would I sell? That's the question.
 Yeah. What would I buy with it?
 Yeah, exactly. Intel. H, get out of here, Neil. Don't don't don't do that. Um, no, I mean, sure, not shy. Sure, not shy. Okay. Worster. Sure. So maybe maybe you write it differently. What who who wrote these types of things. Ah now I know why why I remember this name because there is a sauce that you put on steaks and hamburgers. Uhhuh. The more you know we do everything on this show. Everything on this show.
 If the burger is good and the steak is good, you never need to contaminate it with sauce. That is very true. Yeah, that is very true. Uh um
 you are the headphones who may help Brunoil. It's his big ears the size of a Champions League Cup. Yeah, the cup that he will never win. Um how much would AMD need to get for you guys to sell out? 500. 500 now. Yeah, I think right right now I mean uh Yeah, I mean right now market cap 233. So if today we were at 500 billion probably.
 Yeah, same. I agree. I I I I don't know if you talked about you were talking about stock price or market cap. If like right now for some strange reason this company just jumped to a 500 billion market cap that would be Lisa Sue, thank you for your time.
 Mhm. We'll revisit it later down the line. Yeah, we'll come back later.
 Yeah. No, for sure. Um like if in five years we're at or 5 10 years we're at a trillion dollars, fine. Like
 agree.
 But today, no.
 No, today no. Today it would have to do some massive massive rally up.
 Yeah. Just like back here it didn't make any sense. $200. Today let's say we go to 300 350. I'd also say no.
 Like even if even if
 200 makes sense for you now, Neil, if it was like in the next 3 months it hit 200, would it kind of make sense?
 In the next three months, which means I have another earnings report and call I get more information.
 It depends like if they come out with their guidance for AI revenue and it suddenly is very good like it is or they say oh we can double it to this year then I'd say you know what give them give them the premium because we know that MI400 Yeah. because we know that MI400 is probably going to do even better. So, because it's not currently, of course, the forward PE is now much higher than previously, right? It's at 35.5, but that's purely because analyst expectations have not moved an inch right now. Um, so it might look extremely expensive, but the forward expectations have just not moved. And so the stock going up is definitely the cause of this uh 35.5 forward forward PE for uh for the company. Um but yeah, I'm very very uh exciting. Um very excited for the next earnings report for sure. Uh
 yeah, sorry Neil, I'm getting a little bit of text from downstairs. Just making sure everything's okay. Palanteer is rotating out of indices indices or indexes I think you can say but I don't know reason for the 10% drop it's up 6% uh $6 in real time yeah I know pre-market it's up 4.7% um correct correct did we we we talked about this stock I think once Samsara I think IoT It's I don't know why I I've heard this stuff.
 You got cheers from Georgia. I don't know if Georgia the state or the country. Regardless, thank you from the cheers from Georgia. Georgia is a very nice place in the United States and the country as well. Very nice mountains. Um yeah, both have nice mountains.
 Yeah. Yeah. should maybe do a I have a Starlink Mini, so if we ever choose to do a live stream on the road. I gotta get me one of those. No, no, never mind. Um, any thought? I I like this one. I'm at SSSB. Any thoughts on Indie Semiconductor? I don't really follow it too much. Um, I just do know it is very exposed to the automotive space. Um, it focuses a lot. Oh, and oh, sorry. I know you were gonna talk about this one. Uh, Samsara IoT. I was taking a closer look at another question here, Neil. So, um, which one?
 Indie Semiconductor. I think the ticker is
 this one came this one came after
 came first. All right. All right. We'll do that one. You go. I don't know much about this one. I don't know much either, but luckily we have fiscal AI to help us out here to see what the growth
 has been like for them. Seems like it's been quite solid above 20% and it's still expected to grow above 20% for I I'm I'm pretty sure we we we covered this once cuz I've seen this name before. If you can do me a favor, Neil, can you go to the um the transcripts? Um
 I I could for investor day 2025 and then go to custom summary. I just want to know again I don't know this company. So if you could just put what are the main growth opportunities and luckily I'm also pretty impressed how quickly it does it. I I feel like sometimes in main growth opportunities focusing on market penetration growth. Okay, cool. But uh give us maybe a a telematics North America. So commercial vehicles not yet utilizing this technology. Specifically, 50% of commercial vehicles in North America do not use telematics. Huh. Actually, it makes sense. And 90% do not use video-based safety. Okay. Interesting. And the great thing is on the right, we can kind of just click the slide super quickly. I do wonder
 they can give us a I do wonder if they work with any any big uh autonomous vehicle players. Let's see. So, okay. So, I guess so I guess it's in the transportation type of business. Mhm. Let's see.
 So, is it is it more of a platform? It's just so weird because the name IoT obviously uh is considered internet of things, but it seems like it's more of a a platform space. It seems like a platform space like a platform
 and that platform focus on the in the in the market that you were just Yeah.
 on all the So, basically all of the data. Very very interesting. I'm I'm surprised this has not been acquired by one of the big players. Yeah. So, it looks like it looks like a logistics platform company like helps with a lot of the um it provides solutions that connects operations data to its connected operations cloud. So, yeah, it's operations data. The company connected operation clouds includes data platforms which ingests, aggregates and enriches data from its IoT devices. So it's also selling hardware I'd say
 and has embedded capabilities for AI workloads and analytics. Okay. Uh very interesting because I mean it's it's definitely not one of those companies that just talks about AI and autonomous vehicles and whatnot and does nothing. Um,
 and I can kind of see that bullish take kind of like how I discussed in Uber a little bit where it's like um
 if you have all this data and if you're kind of working some of the logistics aspects of it, it can help completely um increase that market dramatically. Uh so not following it but I guess on a quick top level I can see the excitement for it especially during this AI era.
 Yeah. And then it's expected to it's already making money to free cash flow and it's so very interesting. Maybe
 question Neil can you pull up stockbased compensation there just to see if it's um net positive should be it should be in cash flow statements in the first one. Do they not have any? Yeah. up
 was just doing the control the control F but uh quite a lot okay
 I mean quite a lot it's uh yeah so 21104 it's a platform for tracking data of different industrial companies and metrics ranking data for them to help reduce cost improve yep so it's kind of like the platform aspect of it um but using the hardware to collect all that data to increase their platform technology. So one I mean this is revenue and stockbased compensation. So it seems like stockbased compensation has
 pretty flat plateaued kind of.
 Yeah, revenues have increased faster basically.
 Yeah, revenues have increased faster than that. Okay. Okay. I mean the the the the company makes a I mean it makes sense and I do I I think one of the cool things is right now if they are focused in AI space a lot of companies are not going to have a team to focus on a tech space so they'll kind of outsource a lot of these solutions and maybe this is where Samsara can benefit from for those non- tech companies going like look I rather go with you and help me out with our logistics Yeah. Um, before we go and answer the indie one, let me really quick pull up the market open, my friends. We have reached the market open stage of this uh of this episode. Currently, before it opens, markets are still green, Europe is red. Well, now you know. Now you know. Um, so this was basically the close on on Friday just so we are all on the on the same page. This is the year-to- date performance across all of these stocks. Apple down 19%. Love to see it. Uh, Google still down 6.3. Don't love to see to see it to buy it.
 IBM is up 30. That's That's
 Yo, Netflix is killing it. Holy smokes.
 Netflix has been insane. Um, where's the daily here? All those damn price hikes. Yeah, but price hikes with value with value, I'd say.
 So, the market has opened. Imaginary bell. Imagine. Um,
 now we got to wait a bit, but let me just pull up on my trading view really quick to see anything. I want to see if Oracle is still holding on to some gains. Um, Palanteer's killing it, up 5%. Um, well, it was when I looked at it. Now, no more. Maybe not anymore. Yeah. No, Palanteer up 5%. Nebia's up about 4.5. Right up about 3.6%. Um, in the chip market, what are we seeing in the chip space? We see Oracle up about 7.5%. Nothing too crazy in the semiconductor industry right now.
 Google Google still up above the 180. So that's nice, right? Yeah. I think I think Brocom is is liking that. Google News. Brocom is up about 2.6%. Um because Broadcom is the one that helps Google kind of make that um those CPUs.
 Yep.
 Um let's see. Palanteer is the one that's up the most. Hood is up another 4% or so. Very nice. Rocket Lab another 6%. What the heck is going on there? Rocket Lab up 56. Nebus up 4.6 six as well. Um, Reddit. Wow, Reddit is making its way back up nicely. 4.
 This is wild. 150. I I I knew it at 100. I should have looked at this one. Uh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I I looked at it. I covered it. I just don't like it. I just don't like it. Um,
 let's see. For some reason, you know, HPE is up about 12%. And this is one that focuses in kind of like the data center server makers and uh builds laptops and and and desktops I believe as well. So I wonder what they had over over the weekend that caused this to jump HP.
 Yeah. Yeah. Also a dealer or something maybe. Let's see. Micron is down. Oh, I remember there they there there was this um the merger case over HPE and Juniprier deal I think finalized and I think there is um they're able to do the merger. There was some acquisition that kind of got some some fire from antirust issues and it seems like those issues are over. Okay, fair enough. Um Oracle 8 up 8%. I mean I mean it makes sense. makes sense. If you can add $30 billion, uh I guess I guess it makes sense for sure. So, all in all, it seems like we're having another great day today. Um yeah, if we thought we were going to get a dip, it's not going to happen anytime soon. That's for sure. Uh but who knows? Who knows? If we go with high expectations into this earning season, the upcoming earnings season, any miss will definitely be punished with a nice little uh with a nice little drop. And again, July 9th deadline, yes or no, I don't know what's going to happen with that, but there are some stocks that are due for a pullback. And I welcome any any pullback um on specific names. Not all of them on specific.
 Yeah, I agree. Um
 there's some pullbacks I could care less about.
 Exactly.
 A lot of pullbacks I could care less about.
 Exactly. So, um with that said, we will continue to have a great day today. We will of course ah are we back now?
 No, no, I'll take the hit on this on you.
 Yeah, no problem. Um, so we will be back tomorrow morning as always um with some more news. Hopefully some more greens. It's a beautiful day. It's a very hot day here. I think it's a hot day everywhere uh in Europe and I think in the US as well. Luckily there is Wimbledon that has started. So ah I love it. I love it. It's summer. So anyways hopefully you all enjoy this show. Thank you all for joining us today uh on X and especially on YouTube. We shall see each other back tomorrow, bright and early.